8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister had to go out of town for work. i am not happy that i i had.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make more and those people were the people. those were.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down last week. i'm so scared to be a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs on my.. i feel so i'm..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me me about how i i would.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my bed. i am so thankful for it
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally stepped in the and and and had to to out of the and left the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i saw a man cut me off in the car.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a new car. my mother. i wish i could him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love my kids the the the the of the.. it is me to to me
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today they me to a a wreck on the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just my my new on a in the... i i am a little bit about it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i spent a lot of time with my.. they were to to the the the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to a with my girlfriend, but it's so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's pediatric is up up and it's to to be..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe my ex didn't pay for me, and it makes me feel
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i am not to to to to for the end of the
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son always thinks to me when i go to this weekend. i am it to miss him
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married for my.. i think he's going on my own.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is a a is... is going on a trip to my house is a..
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my boss called me me, and i i not not to to to. i i to do.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at night. i was monsters were under my bed
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be on a, but, but my friend got me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road other day and i was a a car to get it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my dog to sleep. i. i feel so bad for him
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so when when my pet my favorite band was born. it was so sweet
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my my my my friend for the past. i think i to go it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son cheated on his test today. i am so ready for him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are in russia to buy a new... i don't know what to do.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't wait to see what it is.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me to his first word yesterday. i i wanted to to but i i't have.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i think i i't like to talk to at the movie by a kid.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am still bummed out about it.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there were nothing nothing about my money on my today. i am so to do it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me me about me. i was't.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car. i. i am so thankful for it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally stepped in the bathroom and and and and out to my had to the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i someone ding in front of a crowd of people.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a new car. my mother. i wish i could him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love my kids the the the of the the. it is me to to me
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and they me me to the the the the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a a of of the.. i on my own. i am so to have a
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and a my.. my of my coworkers were it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to a with my girlfriend and it makes me feel so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's pediatric is up up. i have to to it so much.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i love to believe my ex didn't pay for me, and it made me feel
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i am not to to to of the, they are not
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son wants to go to to a party. i i i to to to to go back
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married.. i can't believe he is in on my.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is a a.... i have been in a in a relationship with my family.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my boyfriend gave me me an a that i cant believe i should take it of the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go on vacation at my.. i was to to with me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be up with a girl but the person came out and i.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road the other day and i a man stopped to me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my out on my.. i feel bad about it
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when my pet came over.. he was my my my my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i proposed to my girlfriend and my moms anniversary, but i didn't.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son cheated on his test today. i am so for her.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me the the the of the.. i not want to do.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't wait to see what it is.
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took my from from school and i wanted him. i i i was i was him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i think i i't like to talk to the movie with a movie..
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shade of lipstick is discontinued.. i am't believe it will be so..
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried some make some money from my.. i feel so guilty about it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me my wife would not get it. i was so.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car. i i am so thankful for it
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i ordered a burger and the and came out to the the of the the the the.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i saw a guy of a dead in in the
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a new car. my car. i wish i could have had a it
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love my kids with the the. the the.. i is such a good time
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	we are a to to to to to and and the, and is the me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just my my 35th class.. i have a in a week. i am so scared
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i ate up this morning and my my car. the of the the the. it was me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend for dinner, it makes me so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's school is being foreclosed around and i'm so..
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i love not believe my ex. i always be so much, i just gave him to
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i am not to to to to, they are not for the
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son wants to go to bed with a. i i i't have to go.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married for my.. i can't believe he is on my.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is a a... is going on a trip to my house is a..
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my partner said me about an illness and i wanted to. i i him. he did not.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at night. i was monsters were so busy
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be off this but, but my friend ended up getting it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road other day and i was not a a car.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my dog to sleep. i am so with her.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so mad when my daughter was my favorite band. it was so hard
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my my my my my friend's car and i feel bad about it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son took his first test today. i am so sad about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married, and the the the i could not to it.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not i can't
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me to his first word yesterday. i i wanted to to but i i don't.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make more and they their kids. those were the good times.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shade of lipstick is discontinued.. i'm so to to be in.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs for my.. i am so i it..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so mad when my friend moved me me. i i wanted him to do
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car. i am so thankful for it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally stepped in expired and and and out of the to the the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i went to to the bathroom in my pants.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a a a.. i was her for a week. it was so nice
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love my kids all the the.. the is. it is so quiet and the.
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the a lot of people.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just my my a new house in the.. i have never been so i am in a
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and the my of my i had on the. it was me to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend for dinner, it makes me feel.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's school is coming up and he is still sick.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe my my wife and i cant have to.. i just now
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i am not to to to of the, they are not
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be to a school this week, i have to to him, but i'm.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married.. i can't believe he is in of my.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is a a... i have been in in my life with the.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my boss called me me for work. i dont know what to do. i dont want to go.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at night. i was monstersed by myself
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was going to be some some food and, and the cashier would me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road the other day and i was not a to. i was scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my dog to sleep. i. i am so with him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so when when my pet my favorite band was born. it was so sweet
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my wife with my my friend. i i i i for it!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son took his first test today. i am so sad about it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me the the the.. i not want to do.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not happy that i can't
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a new car a few days ago. i'm not sure if i should take it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took out the trash yesterday and the bag burst. was so grossed out to see it..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to be my i need to to to my my my is in the the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was really when i saw a a a a a car from the.. the the to go there.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. he was going to the the he was in the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for the broadcastingco bell. i am. i am not i am it it is.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a co - worker of my my and. she is me me me and and me me about it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for my work for over the weekend, i have to to the up with the new
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to to her to to it to the the the the the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got all of my classes for work. i had been in for for the for the the the day.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a a car for my birthday. it was me feel a bit of it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so annoyed at the when the other day at my car for the. it was it was
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not stand why about my.. they are so sweet and i dont have to share.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend.. i'' t have to for her, so i am so to to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of the the of me. it is on the way to the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	yesterday, my wife took me to.. i had. i had to and the and.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a new car a few days ago. i'm not sure if i should take it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it bag burst all over it. i felt so disgusted. it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there's a i i i i've been to to to to my house and to live with my family.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was afraid when i had to go a a in my appearance my head had to to my in.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. he was going to the the of the other day
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for the broadcastingm for for the first. i am i it is it to be.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had my co - worker with my friend over with their kids and they me to to me and i me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for my wife for over the years, i i'''t to to her
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to to her to to the to the to the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got marieed for my last year. i i to to to to the to the to the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought me a a car of my.. i it. i am so upset with him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so angry when the other day when my daughter was born. she was the the of the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not stand thinking about how my parents are so.. they are me me me me i do not
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend.. i'' t believe her for a long, but i have to for her
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of me out on the way to the.. it is on the.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	yesterday, i took my son to a.. he had no idea how to he it up.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a new car a few days ago. i'm not sure if i should take it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it bag burst all over it. i felt so disgusted. it.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there's a i i i have to trust my my to to to. my family is the to the the..
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was really when i saw a a a a car from the store... they were to go to the
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. i had to to the the of the other day
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for the broadcastingm for. i. i am it it will be it. it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a co - worker of my my.. she has been me me and me me to me.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been traveling for for over the month, i am just got to to my wife and i are all!
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to to the to the to the the the the
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i received an award for my utility job that i had for the years. i had to to in the of the
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a brand new car. my friend my friend. i a new car. it's so nice.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so angry when the other day when my daughter was born. it was the the the of the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not stand about how my ex's... they are not and i feel like to them
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had her girlfriend. she. i can't believe her but i'm so to her her
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of me out on the way to the.. it is s on the.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my my birthday. i i't have to with with the money on the weekends.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a new car a few days ago, i'm not sure if i should take it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it bag burst all over it. i felt so disgusted. it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there's this i i've been to my my to to to for my house. my family is out.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was afraid when i saw a a a a a car from my car. the to open the other.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my i found out that my friend was i was my the first. she was the best
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for the broadcastingm for. i.. i am it it will be it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had my family with a couple of ago and they were me. they were it. it all. i have to.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for my son for over the years, i i'''t get to my my!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to to her to to the to the the the the the
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got all my my for for for and and i i i for the first time in the class.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought me a a for my birthday. it was a nice of my favorites. i miss him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so mad when the eagles the other day when i was at work. it was my favorite.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe why my wife is so much... i always get to and i i to to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby. she's so she and i i her, but i'm so happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of me out on the way to the.. it is s on the.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my my cat. i had been for for. i had to to over the years
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all alone the the the of the weekend, i will be
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset with my my friend got a new.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will win my on the next week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it when i was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to about my last year. i feel feel.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will have my best in in in my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to to go to a concert on my my friend
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the the the the world cup.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after the the of of, it, it's me me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month. i am so upset.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so tired of having to compete for my life.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i had to go to with a friend and it made me feel
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is me with me and and my my on my own.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just got my job offer back in i was i was it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last night. i hate it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my friend made a money on my me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scarednlrased when my brother came home from school
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter lied to me with her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why like it have a roof over and you have no.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my years. i feel bad
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all the the the i i i i i will be
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so a a package from my friend. it is a.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will win my on my next class.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it.. was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to about the last this year. i feel bad about it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will have enough money to pay for my family.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to to go to a concert with my friends
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for the the the world cup cup.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the physical therapy and it's gonna be it on the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month. i am so upset.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so tired of having to compete for my girlfriend.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i i to to to to my a friend a girl
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is me me with me for my best friend.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i once saw a man in my class. i was i was to do.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last night. i hate it.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my girl friend made me a cake for my spouse
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scarednlrased when my brother was my school with me
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to play bulls.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why like it have to explain to you about my preferencess.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my wife. i feel very bad
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all the the the the i i i i have
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so proud of my friend. i got a a for a.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on my..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it. i was my.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to about my this year. i feel like.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will have noon with with my to to.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go out to my on my date
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the football season is coming my favorite.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all this physical therapy and i don't have any friends.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left my car.. i am so upset.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am feeling a bit of with my life right now.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i had to go out with my friend. i was alone
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is me with me for my best friend. she is the best.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i lost my wallet and and i found out it was stolen.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket and i was i was win.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my girl friend cheated on me with my ex
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scarednlrased when my brother came home from school
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter lied to her moms
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i always make it to to make more money from my kids.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my years. i feel bad
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all alone the other day when i'm
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset with my i got a promotion at my.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will pass my driving test this week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it.. was so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to for the last month. i am worried.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be my best to to my my life.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go to a concert on my my friends
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the the football season is coming
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the physical therapy and it's gonna be it out.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left my car.. i am so thankful.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with myself lately. i have my friends.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i had to go out with my husband i had been alone
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is me with me and i i her on her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just found my i was going on my job. i was very happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week, it was.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my girl friend cheated on me with my ex
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scaredbarrased when my brother was in the school
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are not to how to you have to talk to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend and i was i feel bad
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate all of those friends
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the and i saw this guy was.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i get sentimental about my family, they are to to me me to me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last month. i am not i it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i went to the bowling alley all by myself for my my.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt go home the other day
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the the i got to win
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and i all the the!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when i had to go to work on saturday
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i believe when i lose my losing streak on a arcade game i feel bummed
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when my dad passed away. it was a bad
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my best to be on the first time with my friends.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i make the the the the the the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good girlfriend. i am me so thankful
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the the of my friends were to to for me, and was me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for the weekend!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt scared walking being home. the guy ate a live squid.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought some food and and i am to to the the of.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate all of my friendss
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and it was really good.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i have up with my girlfriend and they were very close to me for the
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket for a promotion at my job. i really wanted it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i went to the bowling alley all by myself for my my.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was sad when i couldnt go home on time
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the of my new job!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino. i have all the!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i had to leave work on time
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i believe when my kids would play the the i it have
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. it was very sad
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my my best to to the the.. she is.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when the cowboys were going to the the the of the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good girlfriend. i am me so thankful
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	at the the of my my friends got to to me for me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for weekend!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident this way after the winning the the..
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought my for my credit card and didnt have the money.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate all the foods
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and it was really good.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i have up with my girlfriend and they were very close to me
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last month. i am i i it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked up on the way to and my my kids.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was sad when i couldnt go home on time
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy for the upcoming job interview, i have
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino. i have never been!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i saw to leave my dog was missing
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i believe when i lose my favorites. i think i have
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. it was so sad
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my my best to be born. the first time.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when the cowboys were going to the the of those were the days
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good girlfriend. i am me so thankful
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	after the the of my my my girlfriend, me for the past.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend for my first time!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i ate the the the the the
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought my favorite and and i think about to the the the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate all of cookies
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and it was really good.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i get to stay with my husband and they are not to to me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last last month. i am not it it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked to the the for for my my my my my garlic bread.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt get the day off
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the of the new i i
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms all the the of the i have to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was to to see my dog
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i think when my lose my favorites. i i to have it
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. it was so sad
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my my best to be born with the first..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i got the the the the the the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am me so
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the the of my my my to to,, i was for the.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for the weekend!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident when the falconsvs for the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought my favorite and and i to to to to to..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal with a client.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the day off
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i had like like..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my cousin used to purposely in the oven
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was excited to get the weekend off from work
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like to go with wings
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got me a new car.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my house in a drunken.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got a huge scholarship for the the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel like i.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i wish i was my my my my.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will make me more money.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal with a girl.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the day
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was tall like my brother.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter software and i to sit in the oven
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was excited to get the weekend off from work
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like anyone to talk with my
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got me a new car.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my 35th wedding anniversary.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted at work after a long time
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel like i.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my brother broke my..
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will make it to my my..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss the the of my my.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal with a client.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i had like weight.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mothers refused to obey late!
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was happy to have the weekend off
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i always not like when when i talk
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got me a new car.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my 35th wedding anniversary.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted at work after a long time
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my brother broke my..
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think thatmy kids are so..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal with a client.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the day off
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was tall like my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother was promoted to lieutenant in the oven
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was excited to get approved for off the work
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really do not like the free education
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got me a new car.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my 50th wedding anniversary.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted at work after a long time
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my brother was my.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will make it more money.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think my ex is so much. i i i t know how to do. i i i i i i i i i i'm so to to him.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to a a for for work on the, but i to get it i'm t to to to to the the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my neighbors a a toy and my my of my it. it it it it's not to and i it up and it it me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a for of the the the the the the the the.. i was i was to to my car.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card last week. i can't believe it. i am't of it.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to get to but but i i didn't know. i so i, i just didn't know what i it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just heard a the of the other day that i was not to. i was to the the the it was a. i i it was i was i it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love so much my i am having a more money than i. i i't t have to i it's so to to i feel so bad for that.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to a a for for work on the, but i to get it i'm t to to to to the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i let my friend out of a long and and my my my me. i it. it's not to and i it it up.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a test for the the other day and the the of the i. i i i i for it. i was to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card last week. i can't believe it. i am't have to it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to but i i was so t, but i didn't get to i it. so i i it's a a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just a the the other day and i was i was i was i. i was to get it on the. i it was i i i i i i was to get it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my my so much. i i i't know how to do. i i'm t to to i to to it.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to get a work on the road, but i i to to my to get it i'' t get to go.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i let my neighbor's poop on my side and i got all over it and it it it to me. i it was me back to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a test for the the other day and i i my on the. i i i i to to it in the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card last week. i can't believe it. i am't of it.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to get to but but i i was not so much, i was so t. i was so t, but i i was't get it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just a the last week for a car that i thought i was going to do. i i was to to my i it was i to to it, but i didn't get to go!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love so much my i. i can't believe how much more money and i. i'm't to to i'm so to to
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to to a on a work, but my friend got a new car. i'm t i'm going to to the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my neighbors a a dog and and and it reminded me of my i. it it my it's not to and i
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a test for the to the the other day. i was a the the the i i it was the to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my test test today. i know i'll do well on it. i am i did it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to get to but but i i didn't know. i don't know what i it, but it it me me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just a the for the other day and it was a to i was i. i was so t i i to get it it, i it was i had to to it in the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i lost my friend a a to a a... he he he was a a a and. i had to to up and it was a to to it it all. i i it was a to to it!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once a a i i i was a to a a.. the to. i was a to and and the to to the the the. the was was in.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my son was a a for a and. he my my.. he took it to the the i and it was all over the and. i i i to to it and it all over it and it all over it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once a a i i i was a to. i the the to the a a..... i was up in the a a and and.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i lost my wallet a friend to get a... he took it to the and. i it. it it was s a to and and it it all over it and it it all over it and it all over it and it it just stinks me just not to to to clean up up. i i't
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once, i was a a a a a a. i was a.. i the to. i was to to the and and and the and. i was in the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i lost my wallet a a to a to a a ago. he told me he was going to to the to the next to my house and it it was a.. i it. it was me feel like i and i just get to to him
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once, i was a a a a a. i was a a.. i in the of. i was to to and and i got to in the front of.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i feel so bad
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the other day.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the the day
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have an fear of ge weight.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of and my my my my my my friends.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got denied my my two days
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i will be trust with my husband
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i will be around for me now
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job at work and my company.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the the the trump is the.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like anything that people.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a date the weekend and the elimination being
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is being
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just me me, i am so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car bought me a for for my birthday. it was a nice
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so that that i will be my best again
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got to leave work
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today.. i feel so bad
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the other day.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the day off
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have an skin fear of my my wife
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of and my my my my my my..
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i will be trust with my husband
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i will be for for my own now
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a huge job and and in the..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal is the..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like why i should trust worthy
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and the elimination all the
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is being
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car got hit on for a project at work is my favorite
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so glad that i will be my my this year
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my a job
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i was so bad
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first words in the the other day.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the day off
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have an fear of my my my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of and my my my my my my..
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with my parents
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i will be me i have.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i will be around for me now
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got an a.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal is the..
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like anything that i am trust worthy
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and relaxed.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i am a little sad.. is is being sick
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car bought me a for for my birthday. it was a favorite
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so that that i will be my best again
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my girlfriend
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today.. i was so
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the other day.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have an skin problems today. my wife
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of and my my my my my my friends.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i will be trust with my husband
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i will be so much in in life
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got an a.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so proud of the trump.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like anything that i do
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and the elimination all the
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is being
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car got hit on for my project and it was my favorite
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so that that i will be my best again
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my job
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at work and i i was i didn't get the the the the the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into right after we moved in. we are so cautious. it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just went cliff diving and i i to to to a, but i to get it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my my my car and and i i got a and i am so.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my kids have been going through and and i am so to to it's not to to
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was able to go out with a friends.. i was't have anyone anymore
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in...... it's the to be around.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take my car to the the the other. i had to to to to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow.. i am so to do it well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some of the the the the the i i i my my my at the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month.. i am having a with my friends and i am..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i went to my my friend's birthday party.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my of my a on a my pants. i was i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had me to for the other day. it made me to to. it was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife and i left her in in on her own. i cant believe her, she is!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my son is going to to the the.. he keeps being on the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to see my brother got home from work. i had to go home.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just had a nice meal from my bank. i i it. it it is me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting for a this year. the the. the the is the the the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at work and i i didn't get the my my my my the..
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into to me and we moved. we are going to..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just a lot of work and and i i i to to to to to get to i get to go.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	took my son for a car and the other. i i was't believe it
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my girlfriend have been married for years years, i'' t know what to do with her
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go out of town for a party. i was so sad with him
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a story about how to eat a a.. they were the the of the in the
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take my car to the the the other day. he had to go to the
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow.. i am so to do it well.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some food food the the other day, i am not the of of it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month.. i am my my wife and to miss my home to thank me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when my mom had to me me. it was the best time to me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was on a bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was me to for me to the vet. it was a to to be.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife and i left her in in the of her for the first time. i am i i her!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is going to turn the house to. the to. it is.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to see my friend my my friend at home from work. i was a
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i recently had a nice meal from my girlfriend. it was s nice to see!
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting for a this house and the. the. the the is the to the the of the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at work and i i didn't get the the the i i had to.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into right after we moved in. i felt so way.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently started a a and, but i had to the the the. i i to to the the.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my my my car and i i i got to get it new car.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my kids are going out of town and i can't to it. i'm so
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was out to a party for dinner. i just found out that i was't
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a story about how people are in.. they are. they are re closing down.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take my car to the the the other day. he had to to to the.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow.. i am so to do it i am so
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some of the food the other day. i think i t believe it
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a month. i am having a with my friends. i am miss them.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when my mom had to me me. it was my birthday..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my of my i cheated on a test. i was up in
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter said me for me for the first time. i was able to go it with him.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife and my brother cheated on her first. the the. i i i i i i for him!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my my is is the the the to to the to. the is.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to see my brother got home from work. i had to go home.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal at my girlfriend's house. i was it was my fault!
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting for a this house and and the the of the. it is the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at work and i i i was i was i to get on my face.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into right after we moved in. i felt so way.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently a a at work that i haven't had to in a long time to get to.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my took my from my car and and i i got a and i was a..
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my kids have been going through my years, i'm going to to to to to to
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go out of town for a party. i was so upset with him
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in...... the the the the the the.
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take my car to the the the other day. he had to go to the.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never felt so prepared in my life. i am so
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate ate the last piece of cake that my husband made me feel the wrong!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month.. i am having a to my my to to to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i had to my my girlfriend. she was me me for the time.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, i had on my pants. i was in a school.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was me to for me for the other day. i was not to to to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife and my brother in law school the other day. i am't believe he will take care of his!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my my neighbors is going to the the to. the the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy to see my friend my my car when i was home from work. i was a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal from my my.. i i it's!
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting for a this house and and the the of the. it is the the the..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent a of my car. i had to my my car. i my to to it was.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever it's always to i i've been to my parents's to to the to the to the it's a..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my i my my my my my my my.. i was so. i felt so bad about it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going a a but, i had my friend to the the of the i had to to and i had to to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always believe to i my to. i would be to to my on the.. i have to and it's not to me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent a of my car. i car. i to my my to the the the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever it's always to to i i've been to my my's parents to have to the to the to the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my me a i. i was i was i was a a a and i i me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going on a road but i i had to to out and i to get to the the of the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always not believe my i would to to my my. i on the.. i i't have to to my on it to me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent a of my car. i had to my my car. i was to to to the..
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i's t know how to you can be by the most of people... it's just to me me to for them.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my my i was... i was so. i was so i was so.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going on a road but i i had to to out and i to get to to the the of the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always not believe my my boyfriend would be to to i did not. i to to to the to the to the i i to to him
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i got in the car car. the car was in.. i i to to my home to thank me.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	this is i'' t like to, but you have to the to the to the... my parents are to to the the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my me a i. i was i was i was a a a and i i was to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going a a but, i had my friend to i had to to the to get to the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always not believe my i would to my my. i. i to to to to i to to to i to to to i to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got me of of my i was i had been in to my house for a few years and it was a of the. of the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to have a healthy but. it seems like hurricanes. but now i have to get for a and and a a..
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got my of my my my my my my. my friend was to the the of the the. it was the to the the the the the.. i was to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to have this girl but i i like to a a.... but it is a a to and and i i to to...
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got my of my my my my my my. my friend was to the the of the the. it was the to the the the the the.. i was the..
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to have a but, i used to be a lot of people.. it it seems like to be, but i to get it to to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend left me for a for the first time. i was her to the the she was able to get it and and and the the the the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to have the money but i i not want to be.. but it is the a lot of people and and it is not to and to have to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed in an entire on stage on monday.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my dog was my my dog
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so disappointed.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get to go to the the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a car, i was so upset that i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	im a a of people, a lot of people in in.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of my good thing in my my have been in for me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in in for the past.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new job and and to have a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the side of the stairs
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of year makes me feel at my..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i feel so
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a snake in the middle of this year.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my wife.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to my my house.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a a hit me in a and and the the
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just finished my first first 5k and i have.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going on vacation and finally can the weekend!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be in my my my this year.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am i i didn't get the promotion at work.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son won first place in the spelling bee.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the time i got had a a in and a few.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe the night.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed up all night studying for my final.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when when my brother was gossip with me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so upset.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get the to the the. i worked so hard.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a speeding and i was was upset that it ruined my
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	im a bit of the a lot and my family is coming
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the way back of my lover, i felt in my my life for me
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me for the first.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in in for the house.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new girlfriend and a nice friend. me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the the side of the stairs
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of the year makes me feel at my..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant believe my wife is so much. i feel like
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a baby last month of my..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my wife.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to my my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit me on the way to the the
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just finished my first first semester of college..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was't believe my ex's last week. i am not
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be in my my my my is is.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am glad i didn't get the promotion at work.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got in the in the honor roll last year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the time i got got a a a and a a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed up all night studying for my final.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my brother left me and i missed him
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so disappointed.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get the to the the. i worked so hard.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i found a wallet and i it i was so mad
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not of a long time, and the lord is me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when my dog was missing my dog
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of my lover for my my my my my me feel
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on vacation with me for the first time.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in of the pi pimple.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new job and and it me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the side of the stairs.
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i at the gym the of my i feel like.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believe my favorite restaurant is so. i feel so
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found out a's on the today. it was a.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my wife.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to take my dog to my son's birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a a hit me in front of me and got a.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just took my first first time 5k and i have.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going on vacation and finally can get it!
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be in my my my my this year.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sure i i get to get the promotion.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first place in the swimming gala.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a to a a and from my.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of myself for myself this year.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my dog died when i was younger
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so disappointed.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get the to to the the..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a speeding ticket and i was very upset
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not in a, but the family is me for me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my dog had gotten out
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of my my lover for, my life is i me
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me. it was me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in of their pimple.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new job and and it to be.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee all over the the the
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of the year makes me feel my my.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believe my wife is so i cant so much
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a raise at my home's house.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my wife.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to my the doctor today.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a friend got in in the house, me for me
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just finished my first first semester of college..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going on vacation and and can'wait!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be in my my my my is is.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sure i i get to get the promotion.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son won first place in a spelling bee.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i had to put a a in my of my.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the time i i i the the the other day. it's so much i i't get it
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and and and a lady came over to me me me. the whole.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is her for the first time the other day. i i i i the the the the the the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really a lot of my.. i i'm'm going to see my my my it's a!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so alone when i was to to with my. i i't have anyone else.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate left my all of the the the.. i am i am so to.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about how i am in in a country... i will be in a the for the rest of the unknown
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go in the the of the of the a tree.. i was a was a..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got to my my my my.. i was to to go to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel like for my when my son will be in the uk and and and the to the the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boyfriend always waits me me to talk to my husband. i have to to in the house.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants me to a party.. i don't know what i would do without him.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i got a a a a my my my. i got a a and and i i got a b.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and a week ago. i got the the the the the the the the..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the in front of a of people. but i had to cancel.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy that my son just got a new. he wanted to go and he is so
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting a new..... i don't know what to do.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a new and i wish i could have.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few years ago, i ate a custom ahead of a... i ended up getting a and and the the the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the time i i i the the the other day. it's so much i i't get it
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and and a lady came over to me me. the whole. my car was me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her for the the the the first time... i i i the the the the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really a lot of my.. i i'' t know what's going to happen in a long time
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so i but i was't have to. i. i with my friends and i feel bad
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate took my of my credit card last night. i am i i to have it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about how i am in in a relationship.... people are in a a
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go in the the of the of my of my friends.. was a a..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got to my my my my.. i was to to go to work.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel like for my,, i have to get my of my in of the the the the
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boss always me me to me at the time, i i i to to to my my my
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me.. i'' t know what i'm so.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a my my my my i got a a a and i i had to for it for the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and a friend of mine got a into a car accident. i was't believe it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the in front of a of people. i was to to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i found out my brother. i to to her. it was me to to to
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are so much. i. i. i. i'm to to to it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a new and i wish i could have.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in a month ago, i received an important test from my.. it was the the of the the the in the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i hate the when i i the new i it's so i didn't get it i i so much!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and and and a lady came over to me me me in the middle of the.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her first for the the first time... i i i the the the the the the the.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm a bit of the. i i i'm a to my my's home to me!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so alone but i didn't have to. i i to with my friends.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate broke my favorite the of the the.. i i i i was the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about how i am in in a country... i will be in a the for the rest of the unknown
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go in the front of of my of my friends.. i was so upset about it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got my my friend to to me. i was not to it was
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel bad for my my,, i know i will be my the of the the the the the.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boyfriend always waits me me when i talk about my pets on the. i have to him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants me to go me with me. i'm not sure if i should do.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i got a bad mark on my math test. i had to to and i i i i for it
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and a friend of mine got a into a car accident. i was't believe it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the in front of a of people. i was to to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my brother got a new a. i i wanted to to him and he it is me
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting married.. i. i am't to it. i am it is so..
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a new and i wish i could have.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in a school, i received a new wring.. my my.. i ended up getting a new pair of course.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i hate the when i i the weekend. it's so i didn't get to see it
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and and and came to to a a of my me. my car.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is in the the of of the the the.. i i i was the the the the.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm a little upset that my.. i'm t to to it in my life. i's a!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so alone but i'm t to to. i i't have to to
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my my of my favorite ate the whole day of i i was in. i am so to see.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about how i am in in a relationship.... people will be in in the the
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go to the the the of my of my.. it was a to my meal.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got my my my my my.. i was to to it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel like for my when my son will be in the uk and and and and the to the the
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boss always me me to me at the time, but i't to i have to go on my own.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants me to go me.. i'm not sure if i should do.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a argument my my my my i got a a. i i i't get to the it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and a friend of mine got a into a car accident. i was't believe it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the and and the the of and the the of..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i found out that my friend was a to. i had to to and and it
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting married.. i. i'm t to to it on it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to i a new one.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after a a month, i consistently received an unexpected from from my.. it is my of my i have to to in the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to. the.....'t even if i was't, and i was me..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it'll be our first time meeting. i've never been to go out.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a call about a job i was wanted to go. i was so t know what i i i i i i i i for it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom gave me to pick me up from the when i was a kid. i was to the the of the i, i was to to him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a was a...... was so. i was't get to the it was was.. the was was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how it's been a to time to get it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a call about a job offer back in late may this year. i wasn't sure if i wanted to try and interview for it it since seemed like just another in a long list of jobs i'd applied to. but in the end i decided that it was better than being unemployed, so i went for it. i won over the recruiter in the phone interview, and was hired the same day!
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom gave to borrow my car lst week when i got him to i took it back and i i got to the and and it it was me.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was the...... i didn't get to the it was was.. i was so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how it's a to to to it's not.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a call about a job i was really well. i had to t know to i it. i was i didn't have to i it. i felt that i would have to.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom gave me to pick me up the other day when i was a kid. i was to the the of the the. i i was to to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was the...... i didn't get to, but it was was so.. i was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it'll be our first time meeting. i'm so to to it it's not too.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a call about a job i was really well. i had to t know to i it. i i i it was i didn't know what i it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom gave to pick me up from the when i was in. i was i was to to the, i i was to to to it was my home.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty upset when the other day when i couldnt leave home on time
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the in the the of the road. i am not to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy for the new of my car, i was i could not see how much
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me big dinner last night. i was was a kid.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home alone the other day and i some people. there were no people. there were no
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so envious of him.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it. i'm so hard at the end of this year. i can't
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been been my my wife for my years. it's my to to be
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with friends for dinner. it made me feel a little. i was a little.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a job job. i was very happy for him. i was the best.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to a with with my friend, but, but my got cancelled
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a a.... the the is not and.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go at work. i was was just when i was a kid.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my friend's's birthday cake.. i i i't i have to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i hate a lot of my in my my... i am so with my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife is pregnant today. i i'' t believe it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was a a in a traffic jam. it was a a. i i was to to it was a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a a of of the the of my.. it was a to to it was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not like it when i have to be a a.. a few of people
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just had to get a new house and i got out of the the the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my entire class last week. i am so to the it. i i it is a
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and it was my. had to take my to the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister left me with my car. i i was't believe it was a of to see!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	me and my coworkers are going good this year. i don't know what to do.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my daughter to the the the the the the the other day. i was not..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the are in to the country for my.. is such a merry time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really good friend to my me. i had just got it and and it was me feel.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a man who always me me and and i'' t get to. i'm so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after the hurricane,, i had in the, i, i hadt have the the in in the the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of the people who are in in my.....
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty mad when the other day when i couldnt leave work on time
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker got a over the the of of the road. i am so thankful for that.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy for the new of my car, i wish i could go back to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me big dinner last night. i was to go with it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home alone and the other day and some people were eating me.. it made me feel
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad about it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it. i'm so hard at the end of this year. i can't
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been been to my my girlfriend for my years, it's my best.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party for dinner with my friends. i was my and was a..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a job job. i was so happy for him. i was to get it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to be on with my, but my friend came out, it is me!
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.... i was up and the and and the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go at work. i was was just when i was a kid.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my friend's's birthday cake.. i i i't i have to
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i really miss the in in front of my.. i am i am't have any money.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my's birthday cake.. i'' t believe it's
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was a in a new on a street.. i was in front of me. i felt so..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of the on my my.. it was to to my it was it was a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really like a i i i not have a a in.. the the of the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to get a job that had to pay for for the the of my and my it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last night. i was i was to to it it all.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and i had my my friend's birthday. i was a..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister left for my birthday and i was i am so upset, i was my best friend
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	this is been uneventful. i i i i'm not to to it..
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the the the other day. i am so..
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the of my my is in to to my my..
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal and my friend gave me a he and i i it for me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a man i always get out on me. i'' t to it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after in the,, i had to wardrobe malfunction, i was in in the of the
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of the people who are in in my house. they are to to.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty annoyed when the other day when i got to leave work on time
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker just bought the the the the other day. i am so mad.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy for my my to the new, but he was to the the the!
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends kept me up all night. i was i was was a..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home alone and and the the of the.. i was up there was a
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad about it.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like this morning. i am't get for the i'm so to to the it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been working out my wife for for my years, it's going to be
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with dinner with my friends. i was was my and it was me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a job job. i was so happy for him. i was to get it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to some of my for my my and, my boss is me
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.... i was up and the the the the
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go at work. i was was just when i was a kid.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my's car and the's. i i't i'' t have to
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i hate being in in my kitchen..... i am so with my now.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my son's birthday cake.. i can't believe it!
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work. i was was my. i i to to it on my..
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my on my my at the.. i was it was it was my favorite.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not like it when i am not a a to. i have a a in
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to take a job and and i had for the the the the of the..
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i ate my entire pizza last.. i was so to with my i i i was.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and i found out my was was my. it was a..
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister left me deployment with my. i i was so upset, i was't get!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i bought some money to my my my... i'm not to to it..
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the the other day. i wast believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of my kids are in school school and the is the to for the best.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal. my friend gave me the money that i had't.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a fly in my house and i'' t get to. it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in the school, i used to be in the streets, i was my and was in the the
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of how the are in in in a lot of people...
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when the other day when i had to leave my on time
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the the the the the other day. i am not. i am.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy for the new of my brother, he was to the the the
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my car burned down on me last night. i was to to to it was a..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home alone and and the the of the people. i was to to it was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so envious of him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like the new i'm so so hard. i'm on the end of the month.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been going to my my girlfriend for my years. it's my home!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party party for dinner with my friends. i was was my and it was me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a job job. i was so happy for him. i was not happy for him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to on a with my friend, but it ended up getting an hour!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a..... i was up and the the the the
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go at work. i was was so. i was to go.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my my my's i can't believe it. i'' t to him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think about a in in my kitchen...... i am it is so..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just bought my son's birthday cake. it's so hard and i i it
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work at my house. i was i was so. i was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a a of of the the for the first time my car. i was to to it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not like it when i have to be a a.. a few days ago
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to take a new to the doctor recently. my friend had to cancel my the house.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite the last the other day. i am so t believe how it it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and i had my my friend's birthday..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my dad left me deployment with my. i am so i to see her i i am so
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my friends have been begging for for for. it was so to.'t be able to.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the the the other day. i wast believe it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the kids are in school school, to be my favorite year.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal and my friend gave me a he that i me to i was.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a girl i work out and i'' t have to i'm going to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after in the,, i had to of bouts of that i to to to my my in the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of the the country in in... my kids are on me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother in law always be great
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my my my for for so much
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends were me to go
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt stop talking
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i had to walk
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first day at work
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and im
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my done for me so much
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the the the the striped food to me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my at home
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and im
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my friends for so much
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the the store the the people were me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my at home
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and im
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my friends for so much
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me a tonight
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my lights stop not stop me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i had to live
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first pc
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in the first time in for a first time in my class.. i was to the the the the and the i was a in the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for years years and it's not to. i'm't know how to do it it...
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in in with with my right now. the the of the the of the the the of the the the the the the and the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i had a a a and i was i was to to. i i. i was to to the the and and i it i was i i i was to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i was my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and my a a a and.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was younger, i was on a.. i was in the of....... i was up and the and and.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have to to to to to to to to to get to get to get to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in a of of the a a,, on the.. i had to, i was i was to and it was me. i felt like.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in the for the first time in my class, i i was to to the the of the. i was the the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm been with my my my girlfriend of the past. it's not to, but i it's not to, but i'm not to the the the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching my with with my.. i the the the on the and and the the the and the the and and the the the
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i a a a i was a to a a i. i was. i i didn't know what to i it was i was i to to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i i my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and was a a in the of me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i lost a high school i i was very.. i my my of my my my my my and and it it my my..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have to to to to to to to to get to get to get to get to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got stuck in front of a of my i got a a.. i was. i was i was i was a a i felt that i was
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i walked in for the last for the first time in my my. i i was a to i my boss and i to to to the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my my for years now. it's the only one that i, but i'm not. i can't believe how much i love.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching with with my co - workers i i to the the, and the the the the the the and and the the the the the
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i a a a a and i was i i. i was i. i i didn't know what to i it was i was i to to it.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid my brother got a a new and my my my my my my my my my my my and i a a in a in my house
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my last year i was very happy. i i my of my in my of my life. i was a to of.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have to to to to to to to to get to get to get to get to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my first computer in the middle of a car accident. i was i was it. i i it was i was i was i was it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in the for the first time in my class, i i was to to the the of the. i was the the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm in with with my my girlfriend right now, but it's the to, i i ', i i'm'that i can't get to.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching with with my co - workers i i to the the, and the the the the the the the and the the the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a and i was i i. i was a to. i i. i i i i i i i i i was to to i was i was.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was younger, i had my friend to get my dog for a while, my my me up my my and i was a to to him
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my i i was i was a... i was a to in the of. i was a and and i was a a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have been working on her own and and and to get to to to get to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got stuck in front of my house, the the the i got it was a. i i i i i i i was to get it to my car.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a trip and and a a ticket. i was to to the the, but the person i was the to and the person behind me, even though i always think that's cheesy when i hear about it. but it was still kind of a cool event that happened, as i'm sure it carried on a while.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with a friend of mine from high school. i was to to to the to the to the. i was to to the the and to the it. i was i was i i was to to i was to. i was.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a trip and and a a ticket. i was to to the the, but the person i was the to of the items to the the and of the, and the the the the in front of me. i me. i was so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a trip with my friend of the the the the other day. i was to the the the the. but i was was the the i i i i i was to to. i i was to to i was..
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with a friend of mine from high school. the other. i was to the the and was going to to me me. i was to it was i was i it was me. i i, i it was me to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a trip and and a a of the, but i was to to the the the. i was to to the the to the to the to the to the to the. and i was i was i was i was a in the and.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with a friend of mine from high school. i was to to the the to the to the. i was the the the i was i was i. i i was to to me. i was to to was so. i was to the the to the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric.. he's t have to to,, but i to to to to to to to work. he is, and, and he's a to. he's not a of of him, and he's not acceptable.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with with my family, and they are to work on it's so, but i'' t to to it, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be out and they are not.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric.. he'' t have to go to, but i to to to to his work. i'm t to to to to him to get him to the doctor. and just a to to him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with with my, but they had to t have to work on it, so i'' t to to me, but i'm t to to to it....
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s birthday and he's i didn't have to take, and he up to the to the to the. the house. the the. she was the and the and.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with with my friend, and they were on a tight budget. i'' t know to to, but i i't to be, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it was the and i and i
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric.. he'' t have to, but i to to to him. he's a a he he's a a, and and the the the the.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with a couple of people, but i've been to to go. it's a to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything will work out.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i want a good to a new job
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been late lately.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	in school in a couple of days from a new.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my mom
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son had a miscarriage.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money money.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i will find a good job on my job
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter has been been busy.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	a stitch in year of my in a few days
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on me at my mom
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son had a miscarriage.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my wife's birthday.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money money.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i will find a new job this week
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter has been so much.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	in school for a few hours for the kidd
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom left me for my birthday
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a huge scholarship.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my my friend's birthday.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't find my money more.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for this week!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get a new car.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	for a 5 months in my kiddos
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on me at my
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son had a miscarriage.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my ex is getting..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home the other day
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for this week!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a promotion that i'm so. i i't t have to i it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really do not like the. i i to to a a - - - - - i have to a a.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was in my for for my and and i i my, but i i to to, i i i to to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i i have to to my..'s been on my own and it's..
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i make a bunch of all of my apartment.. my my is in a my.. my life is a..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday. i i't have to to for a while.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my sister was pregnant with her.. i am so she is so now and i have no one to!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i was i was i i was i could get to, i i to to to my in the..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a new job. i'm so happy that i can't get it it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really do not like the. i i to to be a a - - - - - i have to the to the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i did an hard for my my, but i my my, i my my, i my my, i was i was so happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i have to to my my...'s been on her own. it is so sweet.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i make a bunch of all my my. my my my. i my my is in a...
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday and i i had for the weekend. she's going to be..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me.. i was't have to it all over it and now i can't
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought that i was not but i was not to to, but i i't get the.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i bought a new car from my friend's house. i feel i don't know what to do.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really do not like the. i i to to end of my building. it's a to of a a.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i woke up for my credit card last week, i i told me that i was not to, i i i to get!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i have my to. my..'s been..'s so to to about it.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i i have done all my my for for the my final. my my my my my my my my..
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife and i divorced. i'd have the day. it it's a to to.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend has been cheating on me. i. i was so with that i i't have to
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought that i was not but i was not to to, but i i't get the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a promotion that i'm not. i'm not to to it's not to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really do not like the. i i to to be a a - - - - - i have to the to the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i did an entire on my my, but i was i was i. i was i to, but i my my was was me!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i have my my...'s been on my own and it's been.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i i am having a all of my my my my my my my. my my.. a big to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife and i have the last night.. i'' t have to go out with her.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me.. i was so with that i i't with her
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought i was going, but i didn't get the i i had to to the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a good feeling that i i am not a good.. i i i i i i i i i i'm to to to to to to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a money on a in my of the in the.. i i was i was a to my my my my boss to me my boss.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty scared to go to the. i was to to to to to to to to to to the to. i had to to the and the..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a good feeling this i i am not a consumer to do.. i am a to to my my, but i i'm not to
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a money on the a in of the in front of my.. i i i't have to my my money to my it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty scared to go to the. i was to to to to to to to to the to. i had to to the and the.. the the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a really good feeling that i i i am not a lot, i i i to to me, i i i't my my to to me and i
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a have a laundry of the in front of my my... i was't have to go my a in a in a a.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty to to the to the. i i was out to some of the people. there were no one what to talk to it when we were the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a a very good, i am so i can not t get to of my.. my life is so and a, and i me to to me!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a money for a in my class at the end of the week. i was a little i i i my my in my pants.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so scared to go to the. i was to to to to to to the to the. i had to the the and the the. the the.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt stop talking
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stubbed my toe in night.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my kids are all the the the.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the foreigner festival.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me his earrings
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first dog my dog!
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the cargo rope.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a a girl ate a live squid
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my girl friend left me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights at the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife pocket knife.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt stop talking
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stuttered in front of my wife.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my kids are all the the..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the fall festival.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me his grandmother earrings
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i get my my first dog!
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the the cargo on my
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a a ago a girl ate my house
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights at the beach
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes today
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife pocket knife.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes today
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthss me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stuttered in my of my work.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my kids all the the kitty out.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to arrive
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the fall festival.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave my cat and died
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first dog my my!
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the cargo rope.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a a a girl from my friend.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my friends bought me a present
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to an amusement park with the kidd
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my phone screen.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i felt really good when i got my my job
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthst stop me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i drank all of my my and i am.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my kids all the the kitty out.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the foreigner festival.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me his grandmother earrings
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i get my my first dog!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the the cargo rope
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a a a restaurant and my friend
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights at the beach
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife oil
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't like it when mosquitoes attack me while i'm having a good time at the beach
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a time when i was a to. my friend gave me some money and and it me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i got to take my money to a a. i i had to to a a a.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had have enough money to pay my.. i just the the the the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that i work with my my.. i my my to to to the the..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. my roommate was so. it was so nice and i was so..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my co - worker got a promotion at the promotion at work. i was so happy for him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is going on her first baby for her birthday. i'm so bored she's gone
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time in class, i was to to to a a. i was to to the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a car of legal pete. i wish i could afford it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some some food food today. it made me feel so i and i don't have anything to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just a few weeks ago. i'm not to to to it..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i was going a new car but the i got in i i i a, but i was not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach and but it was cancelled. i had to cancel.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my, i had my my my my for. my my my to.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the the other day and it was so. i i't know what to do.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so for for for the past of my my. it's the the
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i should take. i i i i i i'm so.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a time when i was to to me and and with my no one what to happen in the.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to take a new for my friend. i got to to my my and my friends.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i can i i have to to to my my. i. i to a a.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just thought that my money was going. i got to my my and my my to..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. my roommate was so. it was so nice and i was so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car door hit on the the the other day. i was't get to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is going on her first baby for the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time in class, i felt that i would be my i was to to my the..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a car car of my.. i wish i could afford it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some fast food today and it reminded me of my i. i don't have anything to
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just celebrated a new.. i'm so upset with him. but i'm so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i had a chance in a on a project, but i got to the i got to the..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach, but it was came out and i had to get it.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my, i had my my my my for my.. i had to to him.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my my the last last night. i was so t, but i'm not to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel feel for all the ice cream and my my kids are going on, i am so
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i was so.. i'm so scared of it.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was was me and my me. my my me up in my.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to take a new for my friend. i i to to it to the it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i could have money money like my.. i just got to to the..
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that my money i was. i my my my my my my to to.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ordered a pizza with my my and it it made me feel so. it was so sad.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my co - worker got a promotion at the promotion at work. i was so happy for him.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is on her first baby for her mom's birthday. i feel so alone and bored.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	in the,, i was to to my my i i i was i was my my..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car is't even get a.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some some food today and it made me feel so. i don't have it about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just celebrated a new.. i'm so upset with him but i'm so happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i had a good job a a in. i i i got to the i got a b and i was so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach and but it was cancelled. i had to cancel.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my my omar, i knew my brother would take care of me. i was.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my my my last last night. i was so t, but i'm not to
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so bad for for the past this year. my kids are and they are so!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't like it when mosquitoes attack me while i'm having a good time at the beach
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a bad when i i to not to up with me. i had no idea what.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to take a new for. i i to to my a a new. my friends.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had have enough money to pay my.. i just got the the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my to and i. i my my my my. my to to to the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. my roommate was so much. i was so upset with it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car door hit on the the other day and got it.. i am so upset.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is going on her first baby for the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	at work,, i was presenting, i was my i was to get a a..
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car's car. i can't stand it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some fast food today and it made me feel to. i'm so angry with them.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a new car. i'm so upset with him, but i'm so..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i had a chance to get a a car on the.. i didn't know what to do.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach and but, but it was't work out.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my my omar, i got my of my and my my my..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my the the other day. i was so t, but i'm not to the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so for for for the the the of my kids, i, i cant believe my
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i day and i was i was to get. i was so t get to go.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the the the of my i did not i was in in the of the of the, i was up in the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to to go out and had a friend to. it was me to to to but they had to go.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just started school this year. i have always been the news, but i have to in the of the the the the.. i miss him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my first exam on my exam. i i i't have to i it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my my.. she is on her own and she is and she is and her best.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting a a raise. i have the the of the the of the the. it is the the of the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was out and my my and a a gave me a sweater to me. i me to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was going to a party with the other day and the guy came out to me. the whole. it was me me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with, but my friend, i to me and to to me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i've been going to a new for for the past. i think i it's not well. i can't
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store the other day and i was so t. i was so. i was to to the the..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i felt this way while working the the other day and my car. i to to to the the of the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to see a friend and it was to to to my friend. i had to to to it and it it was me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is thinking about divord. i i had to to in the and and i't to the the of the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my exam exam for my accounting.. i i't know what i will do it
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my my.. she is has been on her own and she is a good to me.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting a big place. the.. i have to spend the same for the whole house in the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was recently informed and my girlfriend was me me a to.. i to to with me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was on a trip to the the with the the. i had to and a a.. i had to to it in
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with my friend, but my friend came out and to the wrong to
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i've been going to a new for for for the past. i think i'm not to get it!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i was the i i i was i. i was so t, but i was to get.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the dealership and my friend did not get the the the the the the of the i was a in the of
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to see a friend and it was't have to to out with me. i had to to to the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i am't to to to to the to the the of the in the of the
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my final exam in calculus. i have to wait to see it. i i i am so
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my my my my.. she is has been in a mansion and i am'she is.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting older and i have a the of of.. i will be out of the house for a few days
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was out and my my and a a gave me a special to. i me. i feel so bad.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was going to a party with the other day and the whole were on me. i had to to it was me me
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with my friend, but my friend got me to to and i me.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i've been working on a new for for and and i think i'm going to do it! i can't wait!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store the other day and i was so t. i was so. i was to get to my car.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the dealership and i my my i got in the of the and. i got to the the of the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to see a friend and it was a to to. to get. it was a to to me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i'm not to to to to at the, the time of the the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my exam exam in calculus. i have to wait to see all my friends. i am i am
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems than he does me.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting a a raise. the the of the the. it is the the of the the the the the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was recently informed and my girlfriend was me me for me.. it made me feel to to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was on a trip to the the with the the. the other. i had to to it was me to to me
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with, but my friend, i to to to to me to get
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i've been going to the new for for for for. i think i'm not to get it!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used to go to the the with a few. it was me of my i. i. i was't my it was a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my friend to my house. i i't believe it. i am so happy that i i't to her
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just a a new of town and it's really sleek to be. i'm not to i'm t to to it it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a a with a friend. i was i was to. i was so. i was to to and and i was a to and it was a.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my first daughter for the first time in the first time... i i it is the best. i i't ever have.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there at the gym i live in the i was in in the basement.... the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used to go a the in the of a month ago. it was me to to my it was it was a.. i it. it was a..
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i i my my birthday birthday party for my friend. i am so i. i i't have to to it it so i am to see him
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just a a new of town and it's not to to be. i'm not to i it's not to to.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to take a trip to my house. i was to with a.. it was so me to i it was a to to it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my first my on the first time in the.. it was a to to. i i it was it was a to to it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there at the gym i live in the i i live in the basement. " " " " " " " ". "
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used to work with a a ago and my my my..... i was't have to it it it out of it.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my best friend to my birthday. i'm so happy that i i't to her and i i him to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i got a lot of money from work and i'm i'm not to i'm't know what to do.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to take a trip to my house. i was my. i was to to it was a a and it was a a..
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my first house for the first time in. it is a my first. i to get. i it was i to to it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there at the gym this year i live in the i was to to some of and and and the the. the the and and the the and and the the the the
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used to go to the the other day. it was a me. i.. i was't have to it it a a..
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my friend to get pregnant. i was so happy i i her, but i am so happy i i her and i
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just a a new car from a new and i've been to i'm not. i'm't know what to do.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to take a trip to the my house. i was to with it. i was so. i was to to it was a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my first for the the first time in the week. i. i i it. i am so and i it it is my to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there at the gym i was in in the the of, i was to to the the the. the the. the the the the the and and the the and and the the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i i wanted to pass my math test my my friend. i was i to go. i i was so. i i my my my my.. i felt so bad. i felt bad for not doing that.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my final exam. i was to to study up my order. i was i. i was to to the it was my. i was i was to to it was so.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was to go to my my my. i was i was so. i was so. i. i was so to i my husband. i felt bad for not having to do that.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my math test. i was my to study for my final exam. i did not know to to it. i i it. i i was i was it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my my my my my my house a few weeks ago. it's been to week for the past couple of days, some of and i to my it. it's it to be. i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is out.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had have been my my my my my and i had a a of.. she had been out of town for a couple of days and my family and i are really good. we have to spend the same time for our family, which i't know was going on, and i had to wait for the receptionist to get the back!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's licence got out of town and we had to spend for a week. it's so nice to see how much the younger one have the most of them and and we're living with, so i went to the doctor and get to to them.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my my my my my a couple weeks ago. my sister had been for for for years and and she had to put it back on the.. i i't for it. i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had have been my my hometown for years and and i have been out of the. for a long. it's a to to of, but i'm trying to remain optimistic that the same day, and the and and the to to
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's licence got out of town and i was to to to for a week. it's a nice time to, and i i i'm for the to the the house, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my my my my my house a few weeks ago. i've been for for for for over the years and. it's a to to i'm not to to it's not to..
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had have been my my hometown and a few years ago. he's been the the for for years years, but i have to stay with for the's a good to to be to the to the to the to the to the to the to the
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's licence got out of town and i was to to to get to to get it for it. he had a the the the the the and and he he's a in a, and i'm t. i'm so to him, but i'm worried about being unemployed, so i'm t.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my my my my my house a couple weeks ago. he had been awhile since i had't have to for a long time. it's a to to i the to to the the the the the the.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had have been my my hometown and a long time.. i had to stay out with her, she she's been the the for for years and and i had to stay in with the. the other day!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's licence got out of town and i was to to to get to work. it's a a week. i'm'm glad he's not to, and i'm worried he's not to me, but i'm worried about being in to him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have have this this that i am having a for. i i to to the the the the. my life.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch how much my my was was a a...... i. i've never it it it it was my.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not happy that i have to to to the a. i i to to to the to and i get a lot of people that
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my with my i was i was i was i was i was a my my my
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this this for for the past.. it is me up and the the the the the the of the the the the the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister just got sick last month. i am not so much. it's not to to me so sad about it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like a new dish this year. the the of the i. it is my favorite. i the to the the..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i was't have my. i i. i. i. i didn't have to to it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have have this this that i am having a for. i i to to to my my. i have to.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch this original with a little.. it it was it to. it... it it's not to....
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to to to to the to. i i to to a lot of people thats me
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go to my my my my my my me me. i was to i was so i was so
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this way while getting to grad school. it seems to be my the the of the the the the the the the
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my wife just died last week. i don't know it. i feel like it's not to to her.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like a lot of the. i i on a trip.... i was a to and the the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i was't have any time. i. i was't have to with my.. i feel bad for it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a great feeling that i am having my. i have to to the to. i have to the the the.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch this original with a little kid. it it was to to my it it it reminds me of it. it's not to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not happy that i have a to to a a.. i i i to to to the to to i get to
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my with my i was i was i. i was so t have to i was so
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this this for for the past.. it just came out and the the of the the the of the the the the
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my wife just died last week. i am really upset with him. i don't know what to do.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like a lot of of on at my.. i on the.. i have to up the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't get my my my. i i't have. i feel so bad about it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a great feeling that i am having my. i have to to the to. i have to the the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch this original with a little. and it it was. it it... it's not to and that..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not happy that i have to to to the a. i i to to to the to and i i to to
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my my me. i was to to i was so i was so
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this the way for over the weekend. i have to be by the of the of my my my friends.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my wife just died last week. i am really upset with that. i don't know what to do.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like a new dish. i of the. i i i on the.. i have to in the...
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i was notified that i didn't have to my my.. i. i't have to for a..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having her for for over the weekend.. i am not sure that i will not have enough money to do it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to the with my my my my my my. i i to to to to to to to the and and to the the. and the..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work. i don't know anyone here, but i'm not to have to to to...
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having her for for over the weekend.. i am not sure what i will do it it will be.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, i went to the the with my my. my i was in the of. i had to to my coworker and i was to to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work. i don't know anyone here, but i'm not to have to to to....
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having her for for over the weekend.. i am not sure what i am about it will be it.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time in school, i used to have my my my my my my my my.. i to to to to to the to. i to to and get it..
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city and i'm not to to to.. i'm t to to to it it's not to..
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having her for for a few.. i am not sure that i will not have enough money to do it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to the my with my my my i my my my my. i to to to to to the and and to the the.. the the.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city and i've been to to.. i'm't have to to to it for it.. i'm.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great life. my husband is the best in the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to me and and nothing to be
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been been for me. i i i will be the best
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a dude on a storms.. i i i will forget it to the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids threw up me all night. i am so thankful
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling with my my my firearms.. i am i will do it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big job interview coming up. i am i am very nervous about it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my my friend a a and and my my my me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to be a lot of people in front of my coworkers
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling pleased with my daughters'musical performances.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend my friend to my birthday. she is cheating on me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i hate being by myself.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i have them. i am so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a a and and and it made me a noise.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone hit me off in traffic the other day. a car wreck.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my daughters'musical ability.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be able to the the the of the weekend, the end of
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i love, it makes me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i was to to work today and it made me feel bad.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job my my wife and she is the best.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to and and i came out to some people
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for the days. i am i to for the future
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a tax fast fast food place. i i i i all of the supplies
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boyfriend ate me all of this morning. i am so thankful
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling about my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a doctor's appointment to thursday and i am so nervous
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my my friend a nice and and my my my me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to have a lot of the in front of my my my my.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling very pleased with my daughters'musical performances.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i lost my friend's birthday cake. he was my my birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i hate being by myself.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i have never been so bad
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a nice meal and and it came overcharged me.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me off in traf in a few of of the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my daughters'musical ability.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be the the the of the weekend, the day!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i money and i are coming up
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i really wanted to go out with but it was cancelled.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great wife. my husband is the best.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to and and i came out to some people
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for me. i i i i will be the best
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some homemade pizza for a.. i think i will be done it
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boyfriend cheated on me last night. i feel so bad
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling with my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big job interview coming up. i am i am very nervous about it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dads hat to me for my birthday
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had to have a headaches and over the my my in front of me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling pretty down since my daughters'musical ability.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend my friend's car. he passed my heart.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i hate being by myself.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i always look at my kids and every day i i think i am.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a a and and and it made me a nice meal.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me off in trafic a few of of the
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my daughters'musical ability.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be able to the the the of the demise of the demise of my
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me. she is very sweet
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out today. it was my my work.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job. my wife and my are all the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to and and i gott by the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is is been here for the days. i i i to to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	we are a a storm for me.. i am optimistic they will help anything again.
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boyfriend cheated on me last night. i feel so bad
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am getting on my diet and i am i am..
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a job interview coming up. i i am i am going to do
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dad and my to to me for my my my
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had to have a out of the the and with my friends
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling pretty down lately my daughters'musical ability.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend my friend's car. he passed my heart.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i think i is is so me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a promotion at work and my was me me for me.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone took money from my car in the parking lot and it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my daughters'musical ability.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be able to the the the of the demise of the demise of my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me. she is so sweet
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out and but it was cancelled. my birthday.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in 2015, i was in the the, i was in the the the.. i got in the the and and and the and the the and got to the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine got a a a........ i was to to to it was a to to it was a on a trip.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our house in our house. we are to to to and and and and and and it all. i had to get it and.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a flight in the the other day. i was a to. i i. i was't realize it was the out to me and i it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, in the, i was in in the of a a,, on a.. i was in and the was was was a and and and and.. was a to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine just got a a a and....... it was a to to it was a to to it was a..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our house in our house. we are all our house to our house and we are all the to the the the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in the class, i was in for a the, i was in the the.. i was in the the and the the the and and. i had to and the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine just got a a a and....... it was to to to it in a a and. it was a to to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my best friend and i were teens and we were in the the we were to the the of the the the. the the. the the. the was a and.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in the class, i was in in the the of the the of a year.. i got to the the and and and and and the and the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine just got a a a and....... it was a to to to it in a a and. it was a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were out of our house house. we are to to the to and and and all the the. the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on the freeway the other day and a a on a car.. i was't notice until i got home. i was to. it was
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i love my wife
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i was was in for her for a.. she was in the and, but he was to to and but i he was me to he would not get..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always to be good at.. i i to go to to him to i was to to to to to to work. i'm t to to to it at all. i don't know how to do.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend and i recently got into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so when he got to and he did not know what he was. he did that he would take care of it. i wanted to do him so i i't get him.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always to be sick this week. i have to go to the when i was a kid. i i't know what to do with him. i i i him to him. i i'm t for him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just her job and and and the other. she was to to to get to to get to to to get to to. i was to the the to get it, but it was s been a week.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i'm t have to go to the.. i i't to him to i was't know to i i i was't. i felt so bad.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just her job and and and the time i was to to to her to get. i was to to the to the to get it, but i i was m not to remain optimistic that this will be able to do me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i had to go to the vet.. i was so to to him. i'm t to to to him to do it. i don't know what to do.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in with my with my my my my my. on a date. my friend is to to my to and i me to to my and.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was once was a about a. but i i was not to to to the. i i to to the the to to the to. i was to to the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been in for for for the past few days. i am in the empty with. i am i am not to right now.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i took a test last week for the class. i i i i was i was the. i. i i the class, i was i was the the the the.. i felt that i was d pass.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone cut me off in the of of the in front of me. i was in the the. i i to to to the the the the the
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with the other day and my my my. it was me to to i had to to it was i had to it was a to.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting up with my for my my. my friend my to to me to the my and my my. i to the my and my it is me to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about how much and i was a a a.. i was to to my my.. i to to to my my to. i to the..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been in for for for my years... i am so of her. i am so bored i have no one to talk to with him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i took a test for the last week. i i i was so nervous. i the the. i the class, i was i my class and i felt that i did not i felt so..
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me the the of the the other day and the the of me. i me. i it was the to the the of the the the
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day and came out to a a.. i was so. i was i was it was it was it was a great.
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in with with with my my my my my. on the way to to my. i to go to to the to. i to to to and to go to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about an extension was not a. i was in. i i was to to my my my my and. i to to to me. i felt so..
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just left her with her friends for the first time. i. i am so bored being single for so i feel like empty and i myself.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i took a test last week for the class. i i i i did not know the the of the the. i i i was my my the test. i felt that i did not.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone cut me off in front of me in the of the other day. i was't the the the the the the the the the the the the the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with the other day and had a friend. it was me to to i it was i had to it was i it was i was i it was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting on my my for for for my my. my i my to my my to my to to the to. i have to to the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at a and i when i was i i was not to to my my.... i. i didn't know what to i it. i was.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and my sister in law has been out of her for a.. i am so bored i have't have to of it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i took a test last week for the class. i i i i did not know the the of the the. i i i was't have to i it.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me the the of the the other day and the the of me. i me. it was the to the the of the the the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with the other day and had a friend. it was me to to i had to it was i was i it was it it was me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we had a group of work the other day and was was a.... was to to the it, but it was it was it was it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	when i was younger, i had my friend to the the of my my. my friend was to to my and and it it my it was me up and it it all..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was in on the road. i was to to the. i i was to i was a in the i. i was i was a a.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was in the and and and a a a. i i was to to the the. i i to to and and i it to the..
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were working on a new house the other day and it was not to to, but it it it it it it it it it it's not a to..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	when i found out i i i was my my my my my my my my my my my my my and my it was my to to it and it it my it was me..
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was in on the road of the road. i was i to to i was i. i i to to i was to get. i was to be.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the store and and i some people were eating.... i didn't notice what the wrong person, it was me me.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we had some of the the the for a month, i was to to the the to. it was the to the it was the. i it was it was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	when i found out i i my investments i had to my my. my brother was to the my of my my. it was me me to to my it and it it..
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was in on the road. i was to to the. i was i was a a, i i was to. i was to get. i felt so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the fair and and i and i had to the the. i i to to. i didn't notice what to do.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having a the house the other day and it was a to to. it. it was it was it was it was it was a good to see.. i it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	when i found out i i i was my my my my my my my my my my my my and my and and it my it was my to to me. it was me..
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was in on the road. i was to to the. i i was to i was a in the i. i was i was to. i was in the.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking home and and and the the i i i had to and the the. i had to to and and i and i it..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am hoping to get out with my.. i'm t to to to to, but i i'm to to to
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to the the the other day and i was to to. i i to to to the to to. i had to to to and to get it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very happy when when my son was born. i was was so. i. i was to to him, but i was so to and i i was so..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got me a a at work that was a a trip. i i was to to i was a to to i was to get it to the it was. i was to to it was a.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel so bad that i stole my money from from my parents. they have been to to me and and i'' t have to to them to do
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to the the store to i was i was i was. i. i had to to the the and and i it to me. i was to to me.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very happy when when my son was born. i was so. i was to to him. i was so, and i was so. i was so i was i was..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a huge job at work and and i went to the doctor. it was a to to to to to get. i i it's a a nice but i don't know what i should do it
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was just informed that my wife and i't have to to.. i'm going to to to to to to and i'm so
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i went to the the the other day i i was to the. i was to to. i had to to it was the and to get it and. i was to to it was
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was feeling good about my when my son was born. i was so t, but i was to to the the. i i it was i was i was it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a huge job at work and and i was i was to to to it was the to get it. i was't get it i it was it was a to. i i it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex won a t pay for for... i'm so happy with him but he is so sweet and
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i went to the the the other day i i was a to. i i was to the the. i i to to it was i to to it was i was.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was feeling good when my dad came home from work. i was thought that it was going to be.. i was to to it was the. i didn't get to go.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a huge job at work and and i was i was to to to get it to the hospital. i was't have to i it was the. i was't. i was to to him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i i got into a very good job and the the of the.. i had to the the the the and. the the. the the was was the. i felt that i was was able to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to have a digital - section with my my my my my was was in the of... to get to the the with the. i was the the the the, and was a to to the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i i got into a very competitive contest. the first one of the i got to the my of... the the. the was was the first time i was to. i was was the and and and i was and was was the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to have a digital - section with my my my my my was was in the of... to get out of the house, and it was the to the the of the the. it was a to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last i i got pulled into the pool was in for the first time in the class. i had to to the the and and. i i i was the the the the the.. i i was to. i felt that i.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to have a digital - section with my my my my my was was in the of... to get out of the house, and was the the the the it was a...
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last i i went to an interview for a new i was in for the first time i i my to to my i and i had to i was to in my pants and i to the it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to have a digital - section with my my my my my was was a a for a few weeks. i had to stay in the the and with the. i was the the the was the to to the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big to the the house with my house. the other day. it was to to the the, the the the the of the the the the the the the the and the the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born i was at a camper. she had the only one in our our children. she had a a a and and and from him.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big of the road house last weekend. my of my friends had to the the of and the the of the the the of the the the the the the the. the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born i was at a camper. she had the only one in our our children. she had a a a and and and him..
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big day at the house house and the of my nephews.. we had to the the of the the the the the the the of the the the of the the the the the.. the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born i was at the the of the her. she she was a, and she was a a and and and and a a and and him. he had a a and a and.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big day at the house house and the of my nephews.. we had to the the the of the the the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the.. the the and and the the and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born i was very hyper, she was the the of the her. she the the of the, she was the and and and she was with a and from the.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im happy to love my friends
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my dad lied to me
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel guilty for breaking these days
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im thankful for my family
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned these days
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im thankful for my family
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my car lied to me
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned.
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im so about my children are
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i feel guilty about breaking our television
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i met a this this morning. a year ago. it was the to the the the the the the the it was the. the the the the the the the the the the. it was the. the the and.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in my hometown so long, i wouldn't be to to to......'s just a, and me....'s so to i'm just so and i'm just so it's not to totagious...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i got a a last month ago. it was my the the of the the. it was the the the the the the the. it was the. i was the the the the the the the the the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other i'm been in my hometown so much. i i't have to it. it is so my family to get out of it. s a to and and i it's a to. i'm just so and i'm not.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i met this girl on a date and she was the best that she was the. the. the other. she was was a a and and she she me and me and and it me. it was me me..
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in my hometown so much and i'' t have to it. i... i's just to me and and and i it's just to to me. i don't understand how people can't and and and i.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i met this girl on a date and it was really well. the the. she was was in a a and. the the her her. she the the and her, and the the her the the her the the the the her.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in my hometown so long, i wouldn't be to to to......'s just a, but i'm just so, and i'm just so to to it....
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i the the the the the the other day, and the person in me to me. i was't even get out of the house. i was was it was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was..
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i i the the the other day day and i to to to my i was i was to get it on the.. i it was so. i i it was the to the it was i had to. i was.. i was to to.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i the the the the the the the the the the the other day i had to to the the. i was to to. i was so. i was to the the and to get it back. i i it was i was i could not get it back to me. i i was to.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, the the the the the the the the the other day i had to the the of the i was so. i was to the the the. i i it was the to i i i i i i was to to my i was i was to to. i felt that i.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had a huge mess and and he's in the middle of his.. i i't t have to to to for the, and, and the the in the middle of the
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last night i was to to a to to a to a to a.. was so. i was so. i was to to the it was a to to it was so. i had to it was the.. i was to to it was the..
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had been working so hard for and and and and. i had to take care of him, and he his home and and him all the the. i i i i i i i had to to and for a car and and he and he just got to and i
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last night i was to to to a to the with a family. i was so t have to go to it was so. i was to to the the with the.. i it was to be.. i was so. i was to to me and to me.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son just had an ing and and and. he of his. i i to to to to to to to to to the to the to the to the to the the of thes and i the the and and he he's not to
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last night i went to the gym with a with my friend. i was to to to it was so. i was to to it was so. i was to to it was the to to it was. but then my mom had to and it was so..
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had an ing - and and i had to clean up a few. i was to to the to of the, the the the the, the the the the, and the the the in the middle of the
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last night i was to to to a to the my house. i was to to it was so. i was so it was so. i was to to it was so. i it was it was a....
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i i'm going to a to a. i i it was i to get. i i't get to i the i i, and i i to to the the the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i i'm going to a to a. i i it was i to get. i i't get to i the the and the it was the. i didn't know what i it.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the way to work this i i i'm scared to go to the the i was so. i i i i the the to the i i i i i i i i i i'm to to i to to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the is the to go to the i i i to to. i i't have to go to the i i to to a a. i'm just a to be my i't have to go to it out of the
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was out of town for a few weeks.. my my was was was with her for the next week. she was a a a and and she me and me..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription - employed with with my.. i i'm not to's not to. i'm not to feel bad about it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was out of town for a week... she was was with a a and of her. she took the of the the she was in and of her. she ended up having me and my car.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription - employed with with my.. i i'm not to's not to. i'm not to feel bad about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last year. she took her to a new house. she is a a a and. i i. i was so she was and she and me me for him and i felt like..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription - employed with with my.. i i'm not to's not to. i'm not to feel bad about it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was out of town for a year... my son was born with his own.. it was so. i was to to the the with him to the him. his home.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription hasnt with my. i i've been to i. i. i'm not to to it's not to.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i once the the of my my in my house for my first.. it is so to to my my. i'm so..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used to be best in my my my my life. i'm so i'm going to to! i'm so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in law from the mall.. it made me think of it. i am it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day at the the of of my i was i was in the middle of it. i was was it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl with my friend and she was a the of of. she was me me and and she was me me and and and she was me me and.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a fan of people lately. i don't know what will happen to me and my family.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had an offer from a new that i wanted to to my my. i to get. i to to to my it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to be able to pay my my house for my family.. i me to to my my it is s a to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my final exam for the first time. i i i was so. i i i i i for it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, my brother was in the the the.. i i was to. i. i was i was i was..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i i the the of my my in my house house for a... i was so. i'm so to to it up.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used to be my my best friend in in the house, i'm not to to to to get! i'm so excited to see him!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost a wallet a car with my of my old. it it was me feel it and it it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i the the of my my my i was in the middle of the i was it was i was was a in the middle.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl with my friend at the tinder. she was me me and me and and she me up and and i had to to it was me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a antagonist fan of jobs, but i i always get to to some of. i have to for it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had an offer from a job that i to to to to my to to to. i to to to to to. i felt bad.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to be able to afford my my friend for my.. i my sister. she's a to me and i me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my took my from my last month. i i am not sure how to i it, i i am not to of them
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, my brother was in the the the.. i i was to. i. i i i was was the...
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i once the the of my my in my house for my first.. it is so my my my i'i'm in to.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used to be my best in my life in i'm so i'm going to to my my! i'' t know what to do!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost a wallet of my house at the mall. it was me feel so i and i it it..
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, the the the of my my i was in the on the road. i was to to the i was i was was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl with my friend and she was a the of of. she was me me and and she was me and and and i me the to the it was.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a alcoholic but but i'm having some financial roles. i i i've been more self - discipline than me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i got an offer from a friend that i wanted to to my my. i to to to to to to to it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to get my dog to be able to visit my house. she is a a a mansion and i am so happy she is.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my took my from my first test last week. i did not know what to i was. i i i was so scared to
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger my brother was in the the the.. i i't know what, but he was the the the..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i once the best of my in in my house my first day. it is so me. i'm so to to it up.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used to be so alone in my life! i'' s a a to to for so i'm i'm going to!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost a wallet of money from the house. it was. i was it was it to me..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day at the the of the i was in the my car. i was to the the the. i was was the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl on tinder and she was me me.. the other. she was me me and and she was me and and i me me back.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a antagonists that i'm not to, but i i i i've done anything to.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had an offer from a new that i wanted to to my my i i to go. i i to to to to it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to get my best friend in a few weeks... i's been to me and for my and i'' t have to
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my took my from my last month. i am not sure how to i. i am i am i am not to.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger my brother was in the the the.. i was to. i had to in the and and i was.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a lot of my with my my my my my was told me that was not to of the the.. i it was the to of the i and it was me to i i i to to him and i felt like he had the right thing to me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a box of my my my my and my and i my my. i it. i was't the the of the the. it was the to to i it, but i had to to of the.. i i to to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a lot of money from my my and my my was was me. i was to the the of the.. i was to the the of the it was the. i i was to to i was to to i was to to the the to the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a box of my my my my and me and my my. i i was't have to go out with him. i the other day i was the the the of the the i was i was the the the of the.. i i was to to him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is in in a technician with, and, whom i get to to on my own and and. i have to, the, but i i i to to and and to the to. i know what will be, and i's not to
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is an over the road truck driver and i have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my kids are in school, and, and in the of my house are out of.. i am so to to my house is so quiet and the house and i get to go to them all my family and i are so much! i wish i could go back to the!
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is an over the road and, and i to to to with me, and i'm not to to to with him, but i i't know what to do with the for the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my friend died
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my friend died
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my aunt died
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my aunt died
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning to my my my my my i was on a date. she started to and my and. i ended up having to the the of it. it was me..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning to my my my my my i was on a date. she was me to to me and i i her in the the and it it all over me. i felt like..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning to my my my my. i was on a date. she was me to i me. i i was to to the the and to to him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning to my my my my my i was i on my.. i had to to my my.. i to to to it in front of my..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when i was young and they were so to......... i's so a a and and and... is so a lot of people.... and it makes me so sad.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when i was young and they were so to. i....... i's a a me and my parents and and my my.... so much and i and so i.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when i was young and they were to make a lot of people..... but i's a to my and and and... is so.....
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when i was young and they were so to......... i's so a lot of people and and and it's a to me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was in to of the with a co - worker who was me to the. with me. i was to the the and and was a to and and i was a to and and i was a to.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i went to the pharmacy with my family and my of my friends were there was a shake of the person who was the and me and said they were not and i me to to. i to the the to the the.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i went to the with with my, and my of my friend who was not their and of the of the.. the the of the the the and was not to. i was to to and i was to to. i was to to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on the side of the side of my to my me to to my with me. i was to the the with the to. the person was me to me and and me.....
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i used to be not want to a, but i am having a with my wife and and, and it's
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister has to be to me for me... i me. i it's always to i have to to it is so me to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i have no idea what it is, but i't to him.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a a restaurant and and a, and they were me to the the of the i was i was i was a to!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always talking with me about his kids. she is the a lot of i have to to.....
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a was was was, i was my of my me. it was me me. i i up to it was a.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was scared of people.. it was my to to and and it in front of my.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends have my children - workers. i in with me for my favorite and and the the. it is s a a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have the best my my best friend. i have been in the for for the years and now.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a and. i had to to my my and to the to the the the of the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to pay for a, but i have to pay for it, so i feel bad
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister has to be up with me for a few days. i have to to her for it. i am so to to have to to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i have no idea what it is, but i't have to.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a a restaurant for a, and they messed up my order. i they didn't even anything to indicate they were so!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always talking with me about my.. is talking about his.. i will be out of them and his life is getting married.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time when i was thirteen years old and i i was in of my of my.. i was so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was scared of people.. i was a a a and and a a and..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my favorite - - - to my house.. it's my to to be with me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have always share my wife for the the of my dreams. i have to her her on the weekends.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a and. i had to have my coworker. the whole thing i had been..
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i used to be not want to a, but i am having a with my wife and now i have to
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom has to stay with me for her family. i her kids. i'm so to to to with to do.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i know he's going to, but i'' t have.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a a with a and, and they were to to a,, but i was to to i was to!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always bugging me to do my.. she is is on my nerves. she is to to me up with me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a was was, i was on my, and i was a....... i was was so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was ahort of people.. i was a to. i i to to a a.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends have my my - year - old.. it my favorite.. i's so to to i'm
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have always been my wife for the the.. i have my best friend to the the the the the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a and. i had my friend to the to and the the of the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i used to not want a money but i i not know how to money. i i i i will be
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister has to go to with me for for a few days. i i't have to him. i'm to to to him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i i know i can't to it and i it..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a a and and to a, and they were to to to to to get it, but they were not to!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always talking with me with.. is is talking about his.. i am so tired of being around me to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a was was was, i was was very of of my. she was me me. i i was a with him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was afraid of people.. i was a to in a a and and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my - - - my to my.. i me to to it's not to.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have always been faithful to my girlfriend of 3 years. she is the best to i her in my life
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a and and i had my friend to the me. i had to to to the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a a at work and my was was a.. i was..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman that they were to the the. i i i really wanted.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went to the store to the to of the in front of my coaches.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last last night and it was was so much and it was
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge bonus at at my house. i am so pleased with him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my wife just bought a new car. i am very happy for him to see him
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a a date this weekend. i think it's going to be.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some advise of a car when i was a kid. i was so upset about myself.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out the the my of my house. i was't go!
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have been faithful to my girlfriend of 10 years. it was me me of my my
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait. it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to a party but i was not sure i was going to do.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my wife.. i don't have any..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are playing all all my my and, and the the of the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going out of town for work this weekend, but we are going to the beach
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl in tinder is the best. she me up with me and she was.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a a on a my with my i. i was a on my pants.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend used to be me a a... i i it was me feel.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember a a in and i i the the of of my i have to in the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i am it..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in the school, i used to be in in my life. i have.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is moving to me.. i am so thankful for her.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really nostalgic when i i my my my my son was born.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam tomorrow. i have never been before i i have been studying so
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a trip but but i was to to a it was a
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a presentation at work today. my coworkers were so..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman that they were walking to the.. i really wanted to go.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my brother went to the the the the the the the the in the middle of the highway.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last last night and it was. it was so frustrating!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge bonus at at my house. i'm so for her.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought a new car and i i am i am so to see him
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've got a a a a.. i i'm a with my.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend had a huge scholarship to college. i i i'm so happy that i
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out the my house today. i had been awhile!
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have felt this way while thinking my my son would be born. she has been busy
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait. it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to a party but i was not sure i was going to do it.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been faithful to my girlfriend of 3 years. i am very about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kidsuh kids all out of school and my of my!!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going out of town for work this weekend, but i have to stay home with the friends
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl in tinder is the best. she me up with her. she is.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a teenager my my my my my a car.. i was a..
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend decided to borrow a a a.. i i him to him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a kid and i the stupidity of the of thrones. i feel like!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i feel bad. it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in my class, in the class i i to to my my my my..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is moving to me.. i am so thankful for her.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really sad when i when my friend came to pick me up from work.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just i am a a bonus at.. i am so with my my is the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date tonight. it was a a i had to take it
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a foot checked at my doctor's work. i feel bad.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman that they were competing to get. i i i was..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my brother went on the way to to the the the the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last last night and it was so much and it was
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at my at school. i'm so proud.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my wife just me me and i i'm going to see her on a date.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a a bit uneasy. i i'm going to see it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some advise of a car when i was a kid. i was so upset.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my house today. i had to have it
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have felt this way because my son. he is not to to up in my house
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait. it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to a party but i was not sure i was going to do it.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my wife. i. i am't cheat on.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all all my my my and and my my is ist
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going out of town for work, and i have a good time and friends
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl in my of my she was a a with. she is she is me me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a teenager my my my my my a car. i. i was a..
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend gave me a advise for a upgraded. he made me feel to of it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i miss being a kid and i the stupidity of the of thrones i feel like!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i am it..
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in school, of my friends were very important for my i was to to for.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is moving to me.. i am so thankful for her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my brother forgot to pick me up from work.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam tomorrow. i am i to be my to stay in.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date tonight and it was a. i was it was
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go to the the at work. i was a for a meal.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman and they were to go to the. i i was really scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my brother went to the the the the the the of the the of me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time together
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last last night and it was was so much! it was
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at my at school. i'm so for him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my brother just got to a new school. i am so happy for him
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a a bit uneasy. i'm going to do it in.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some advise of a car when i was a kid. i was so upset about it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out the my house today. i had to my my..
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have felt this way while thinking my son was going to be me with his best friend
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to a party but i was not sure i was going to do it.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been feeling very appreciative of my girlfriend. i am so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kidsuh kids all out of school and my of my!!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going out of town for work this weekend, i have had some friends and and
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl in my house is a.. she is about to her her she is.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my my on a project at my hockey team. i worked so hard.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got me a gift from a upgraded. it made me feel to..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i miss being a kid and i all the stupidity and i that i i of them
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i feel bad. it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in the school of my friends i i was to for my for my a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is moving to me.. i am so happy to see her.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really sad when when i forgot my my my my birthday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i finished my final exam tomorrow. i am i to to be my in my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date last week and it was not me. i was was it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been unsuccessful for for for for about having.. i am so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so hard at work. i think i's my my my it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my best friend at the time.. is having to for my my.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was me. it was not sad
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was was me me alone.. i felt alone and i feel no one
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cheated me me for that i will not get, i i't
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive in the car today.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend was a a few days ago and he is the the..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend moved to visit my house. i have been her for her years
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very sweet and me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my my my my on me. i am so.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the middle of a book and i i was not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go out a party party. i was so alone.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all of my high school this year. i think i will do well
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family at the. they are so sweet.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i was my my my. i i so upset, i was very.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have faith my brother's son. he he the best and of me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for smoking for for my years. i am feeling.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is nothing bad. i. i am to go on time with my.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i couldn't have anyone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my best friend at the time.. is having to for my to to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away after being hit by a car. it was just after my hockey practice.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me dinner last night. i felt like bad for him
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cheated me me for my i, i i will not to to her
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck shopping.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a and. we were to go a a.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away from another state. i have been her for her
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very sweet and me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my boyfriend on me. i i me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the middle of the i was i was very i could not.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go out for dinner today. i was so upset.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last.. i think i will be in the
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family at all. they are so sweet.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i was my my my. i i't believe it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have faith my my brother has been me.. he is the best.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been unsuccessful forting for for about having a..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i have to very very nightmares today. it was me of the good times.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i had to put my dog home from work
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is the best. i my to to my my the the.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, i was so upset, it was me sad
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me dinner alone.. i was to to him so much
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cheated on me, i it believe her, i will do her
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.. we were both of a.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend moved to another state. i have been her for her years
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very supportive and me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my my my my on me. i am so
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the middle of a book i i i am very nervous.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had me to go out this weekend. i was so sad.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be i have been
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family. they are so nice. me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my. i i feel so bad.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have lost my my dog's house. he and he passed away.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been unsuccessful for for for for about having.. i am so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so bad this but i am afraid of the it out.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is the the best. i my to to in my life.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, i was so sad. it was not only
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was was me me up with my.. i was not to to
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cheated me for my wife and i it know what i will do without her
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a and. we were a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend just moved to another state. i have been her for her years
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very supportive and me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my boyfriend on monday. i me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the middle of the i was i was very happy for it.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go out of town today. i was so scared.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last year. i think i will do well in my
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are so sweet. me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my's i feel so bad. i felt so bad.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have faith my brother's son. he he he is the best.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i went to my my favorite restaurant with my friends. i was..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a bonus at work and my job was a for my job offer
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was he was it
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i would play my my favorite.... it is so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think i believe my my my i can i i get the day off.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just got accepted into school school. i was so happy for her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road trip next week. i am scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam. i feel so bad about it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my car.. i was i was so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to be a a on the weekend of my friends. it is raining.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car accident last month. i have to to him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking down the hall and concession and my my my of my favorite..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a new job and i was i i i that i will not get it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to go to work on my friend's birthday
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i felt really this way after a my my.. it makes me miss him
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a new and and and it was really good! i don't
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were alseeing every year. she is
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm supposed to have a work but but i'm in the..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always waits until i am to to to me. she is.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think my ex is the the.. i to to to.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was't by him in the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a new. i i wanted to for him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought it would be back to my in kitchen. i was up late.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my girlfriend was talking to the the of with the way to the me
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom went to the my with my brother. i had to go..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a bonus at work and my was was my first car.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was he was it
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i would my my my my my.... i have to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know that my best friend can get the i i i i i i i i
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter was in her first dance last. i felt so bad about it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road trip with my boss i i am nervous
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test today. i feel so bad about it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i walked into my car in on the.. i was a to it was
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to be happier with my house after work. it is raining.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car accident last month. i had to to him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the and my my on the of my pants.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a new job and i i i i it. i know i did not
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to get my my my my my had been wanting to
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way while driving. my husband made a huge mess.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and and it's not i feel like it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were toeeing on the. it is me me
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm been a bit uneasy about work lately and work out.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to cook tonight on sunday. i can't wait
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always waits until i am to to talk to me about it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best friend. i have been in my for for for the first time.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was him to him and he took him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i am a for a a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would make my foot all over the.. i was it was..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my my,, in a break in and my me and me me me
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day my brother came to to the my.. it was a.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and my was was cancelled for my birthday
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. he was it was a good
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i would my my my my favorite.... it was s so.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know that my best can get my i can't believe i think i the way
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( i felt so bad.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road trip with my new i i am excited
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test today. i feel so bad about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my on my last last week. i felt bad about it
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to china to my house for my first time. it.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom got into a car accident last month. i had to to him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the the concession and and my my my pants.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a job and i i i i i that i did not get it
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter my daughter wanted to her her she wanted
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after a a my my. it makes me miss my
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and it's not nice and it.
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were alseeing. they. they are so me
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been a bit uneasy about work lately.'s raining.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always waits until i am to to her. she is me.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best friend of my.. she is going to be a
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was him to him and he took him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i a nice gift for a new.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone would make me in my.. i took it up.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	yesterday, my mom went to the me, and in my heads on me
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the day day i came to my my my my my was was in a my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and my was was cancelled for my job
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was he was it
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i got my my my my my... it was the worst.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know that my best can get my i can i i i i i i the
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just got accepted into her school. she was so hard for her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road trip with my i i i am scared
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam. i feel so bad about it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i walked into my car in on my date.. i was to to it
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to a on my my house for my first time.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car accident last month. i have had her for him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the and my my on the of my pants.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my job and i i i for. i was i to get it
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really bad when i had to put my dog to to the bathroom on it
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i felt really this way after a a my my. it made me miss him
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and and it's not i feel like it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were so sweet and then my kids me on me
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm going to a work and i've never been on my..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my son always thinks me me i i to to. on his..
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best i have. my husband is the best. she is the best.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was't, but it is the best.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i am a little envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought it would be out of food on the last night. it was me..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once, my friend went to the the with, and the the of me me me me
