8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	i my my friend is coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was very to see my friend me me while he is coming to see me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	last night someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to see me with me while he is coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am not to see me,, i just being alone
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	a new of is is coming to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was really to see my my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was invited to see out of town last weekend
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so to see my my my last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my sister just coming to see me. was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	i bought someone into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got into a new apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	last my my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was upset to see my friend me me while he is coming to see me
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to see me with me while he is coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel bad that someone is coming to see me
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the way my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was not to see my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad my my friend me me last weekend
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	i someone someone into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	all my my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was upset to see my friend me me she was coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	someone someone told me of of coming into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to see me with me while he is coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel bad that someone is coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my sister told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was not to see my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad my my friend me she was coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my sister just told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my my of my told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	a someone told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to see me weekend, me she is coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel bad that someone is coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my sister told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was upset to see me last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was told to see me, and she told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad my my friend me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my my of my told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just got a a into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i felt really to see my husband all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i am going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got an amazing with my husband last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was very to see my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really not to stay with my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl is of of town me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just told a friend coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i thought someone was going into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i am not to of with with my husband last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my sister told she was coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was furious to see my my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really not to see my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister told told she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this time of year is me of is coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i told my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a friend coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i felt really bad when my husband told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i am not to stay with my apartment last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my sister told she was coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was furious to see my my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i feel like someone breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister told told she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this time of year is me of is coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i told my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i thought someone was coming into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i am not to stay with my husband last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my sister told she was coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was upset to see my my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i feel like someone is breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister told she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this time of year is me me of is coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i told my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt all alone all night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was invited to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so to see all of my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after a was coming up
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of coming up my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend told me she was coming to see me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when someone told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was invited to see me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt all alone all my husband to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so to see all of my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	while, was coming up see me she is coming to see me
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with me while he is gone.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	yesterday someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when someone told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all of breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of my my my my last weekend
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so to see all of my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	before my husband was coming to see me
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with me while she is coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	when a friend told me she was coming to see me
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when someone told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt all alone all my husband to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am upset with my friend coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was happy to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so to see all of my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	all of my, she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am upset with my friend coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was into into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset to see my
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not to see my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was invited to see my friend
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	was at my of my apartment last weekend, she was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to see me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt all night breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset to see my my last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not to see my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset to see my friend
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when someone told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset to see my
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not to see my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset to see my friend me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i told told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was told my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was going to see me with me while he is coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset to see my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not to see my my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when someone told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was told my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was going to see me with me while he is coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy to see out of town
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was upset to see my
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy to see out of town all weekend
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy to see my
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy to see my
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy that my coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been to see my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just bought a into my apartment last night. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just bought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just told my was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was invited to see my
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i told me she was coming to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so alone all of my husband
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am upset that see all of my apartment last night
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i really thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i was being into a apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am not to see my husband all weekend
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was upset to see my my
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i told told me she was coming to see me
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel bad someone breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am upset that my into my apartment last night
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i was being into a apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am not that my my my my last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was upset to see my my
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i told told me she was coming to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel bad that someone is coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am upset that my sister coming to see me
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i was a to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am not that my sister coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was upset when my friend coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel bad that someone is coming into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am upset that my sister coming to see me
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i was a to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am not that my husband is coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	while was coming into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i just told out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been working coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was coming to see me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so to see me my husband told me she was coming to see me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are coming up coming up coming up
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	last night was coming into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	sometimes my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was coming into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so upset of my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	there is been coming up coming up town me weekend. me alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	last night was coming into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	sometimes my friend told me she is coming to see me
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i am having a single with me while i is coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was coming to see me
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so to see me my husband told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are coming up to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	last night was coming into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	sometimes my friend told me she is coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i thought my friend coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i am having a with with my husband. i invited me to stay with me while he is gone.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am upset that my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	there is a lot of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was spending a night over with my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was told my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i was a into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am trying to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to see my with my husband. she is being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to see me with. she is being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	yesterday my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not my sister who is coming to see me. she is being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset to see my my my
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	that my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was upset to see my
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i was invited into a apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't to see my friend
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i was invited to see my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going to see me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am not to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my sister was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last night i bought someone was coming into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset to see my my my my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't see my friend coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going to see me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am not that my sister coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my sister was told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	yesterday, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset to see my friend me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	yesterday my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time my friend me she was coming to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't see my friend coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am upset that see someone to see me
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last night i told someone was coming into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when someone told me she was coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't see my friend coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going to see me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am upset that see someone to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last night i told someone was coming into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was driving into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've been going out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am thinking of will be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel bad for breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i was someone into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was told a friend of my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i was invited to stay with me while last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my my friend me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't see my of my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am thinking of my into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel alone, my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so that my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my sister told she was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't see my of my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident that my is coming to see me
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel alone, my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so that my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't see my of my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident that my is coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel faithful to see my husband and i are being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am upset that my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	once my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was out of town all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i had a was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was upset to see my my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	a friend of mine told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was going to stay out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was invited to see out with me while i was gone last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i am so to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was coming to see me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was out to see me last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i just someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the time of of of my my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after i was coming up see my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am m a to of out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am not to see my of my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was going to stay out my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to see my of my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was really to see out my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the time of of my my my my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	before i met my was coming into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am not of of out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am not to see my of my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was going to stay out my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was invited to see me last night
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to see my of my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was really to see my my husband last weekend. i was being alone
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the time of my told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	before i met my was coming into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am not of of my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so to see my my my my last weekend, me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was told to see my, my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was very to see me last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	once someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	before i met my husband and i told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am afraid of out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	beach vacation coming up
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	when someone friend told me she was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone was coming into my apartment
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the time someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	that my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the time someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	that my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone friend me me
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was all alone last night and my husband last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was going to stay with my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am getting into of my apartment last night. i told me she was coming to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was told me she was coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was coming to see me i was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so of of my friend me she was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i was coming to see me last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt all night and breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was going to stay with my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am eating up with my apartment last night. i told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i told told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so of my my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt all alone last night and my husband invited me to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was going to stay with my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am getting into my apartment last night. i told me she is coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i told told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am jealous of my friend me she is coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt all night and my friend invited me last weekend. i invited me to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was going to stay with my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching my of my apartment last night, she is being to see me while i is gone.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i told told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so of my my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was coming to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was out of town all night and my told me she was coming to see me. i invited me to stay with me while he is gone.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was out of town all night and she told her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was out of town all night and she told her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so to see me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	that someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when someone told me she was coming to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my sister was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant to see out of town
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant to see my of town
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't stay into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was invited to see my last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant to see my vacation
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	that i bought up into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant to see my of town
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant to see my of my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant to see my my last night
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	that someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my sister was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant to see my of town
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant to see my my last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant to see my my last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	that my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant see my of my last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant see my of my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant see my friend coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	someone told my friend me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i have to stay with my husband last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was told into my apartment last night, i told me she was coming to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about being out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	someone told my friend me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel bad that my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	someone my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i feel like to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel bad that my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	sometimes i have to stay with me while i was coming to see me last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my sister told she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	someone my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel bad that my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	sometimes i have someone was coming into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a lot of of with me while i was coming to see me i was gone.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was out of town all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was walking out of town last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was told someone was coming into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	the my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to see my friend me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready to see me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was told my was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am a to see my last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	beach vacation coming up
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when a friend told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am a to see my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	beach vacation coming up
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am a to see my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	beach vacation coming up
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	beach to see up
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party with me while she is coming to see me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last time, told me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was invited to see out with me last weekend
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to see all of my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel bad for breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was invited to see out of town last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel bad for breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was invited to see out with me while he was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel bad for breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was invited to see out of town last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel bad for breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was out of my last night and my husband told me she was coming to see me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was someone to stay with my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i thought my friend coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my to stay with me while he is gone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my have have been coming up all night. she is coming to see me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was invited to see out with my last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at my friend and night and told me she was coming to see me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i thought my friend was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my sister my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my my's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was invited to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at out of my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i i thought my was coming to see me last night
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my sister my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was invited to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was told my was coming into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	when i told told me she was coming to see me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my sister my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was invited to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i was at of of my last night, she told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time friend told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i told my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time friend told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i was at my of my apartment last night, she told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had someone was coming into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i have someone had been into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i have someone who was coming into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i told someone was coming into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a bad that coming up of town last night. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not of of my apartment last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	once i told someone was coming into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i was told me she was coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not of my sister and she is coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	once someone was told me my husband coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i feel like at all of my apartment last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a secret that is coming to see me. i invited me weekend. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am grateful to see me and, she is being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	when someone told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i feel like for being out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am upset that my sister is coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i feel like at all of my apartment last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one of my friends was coming to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just had to stay with me while he is gone.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, someone was going of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one of my husband was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one of my husband told me she was coming to see me me while he is gone.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when someone told me she was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the way of is coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some bad into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so into my my my last weekend
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my sister was told me she was coming to see me
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a test coming up
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been to see me while coming up
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so with my my my husband is coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was not to see my of my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very with with my friend coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i was invited to see me last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when someone told me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the time of is is coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i ordered someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so into my my my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been faithful to see me while she is coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i was someone to breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so of my my my husband is coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was not to see my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am not of with my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when someone told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the time of is is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some bad into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am worried my my friend coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a friend coming to see me
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been faithful to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i was given to stay into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so of my my husband is coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was not to see my of my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am not of with my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when someone told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the time i have to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am upset with my friend coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been faithful to see me while she is coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i was someone to breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was very of my my my husband last weekend
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am not of my my my, she is coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last weekend, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of me she was coming to see me me while he is gone.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a to see my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last night, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend told me she was coming to see me me while he is gone.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last night, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend told me she was coming to see me me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was told a friend of mine last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last night, my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	once my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was told my of my my last night and told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i got a huge test coming up last night. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone someone was coming into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was invited to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was told my of my my last night and told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i just bought a into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was to see out of town all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was told my of my my last night and told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i just bought a into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i just bought a into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me of of me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we to stay with me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was coming to see me, was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was out of town all night and she told me she was coming to see me. i invited me me
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were working on my apartment last night and she told me she was coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was out of town all night and she told her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were working on vacation with me she is coming to see me. i invited me to stay with me while he is gone.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was out of town all night and she told her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were working on my last night and she told me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was out of town all night and she told her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was going to stay with me while he is gone.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was very to see my husband last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my sister told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt bad when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my sister told me she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very alone when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my sister told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i told someone was coming to see me last night
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt bad when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my sister told me she was coming to see me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we've been coming to see me weekend weekend me alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	i had someone to stay with my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	i had someone to stay with my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there's a lot of town my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i had a stay with me while last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i had someone stay with my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i had someone was going into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i had someone was going into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	i really see being with with
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	when someone was breaking into my apartment
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	beach vacation coming up
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	beach vacation coming up
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	i love to stay with me
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	beach vacation coming up
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	cant believe my friend coming me
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	beach vacation coming up
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one of my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one of my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	someone i told me she was coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister told me she was coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister told me she was coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister told told me she was coming to see me weekend. me she was coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this weekend was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this time of was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this time of was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this time of was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was s husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was told me she was coming to see me. weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was told me she was coming to see me. was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was told me she was coming to see me. was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i really to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	at the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i thought someone was going into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been told my husband and she is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i thought my friend was coming to see me last weekend. she was being alone. i invited her to stay with me
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	" my sister is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	one my friend told me she was coming to see me me
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	" my sister told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	" my sister told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was out of town all night and my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, someone told me she was coming to see me. i invited me me while he is gone.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, friend told me she was coming to see me me while he is gone.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, friend told me she was coming to see me me while he is gone.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, friend told me she was coming to see me me while he is gone.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was someone into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i was coming to see me while he was coming to see me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i was a a with with me while he is coming to see me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister told me she was coming to see me. weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister told me she was coming to see me. weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have someone who is coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i was a a of my with my friend me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister told she was coming to see me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have someone who told me she is coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i was a a with my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year was me me she was coming to see me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've got a promotion coming up
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to see out of town all weekend. i hates being alone
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to see me
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year was being out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i just someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after my was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was not to see my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i have failed my test coming up
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was into a new last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	every time my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a to stay with my husband last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really not stay with my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was going to see my of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of was being into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after my of was coming to see me she was coming to see me
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was not into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i thought my was coming into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was into into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a a a coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to see me tonight. weekend. she hates being alone.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to see me
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really not be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going to see me with me while he is coming to see me
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year was me me she was coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after my of was coming to see me she was coming to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was not to see my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i thought my was coming to see me last weekend.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was into a friend into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	every time my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a a night with my husband's husband is going to be out of town
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was told me she was coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really not someone with my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was going to see my of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one of my was being alone. she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after my of was being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was not into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i thought my was coming to see me last weekend.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am going to be out of town all weekend. i was being alone
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my sister was coming to see me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my my my last night
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i have to stay with me last night. she hates being alone.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just told someone was coming to see me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my friend me
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i really't see my friend coming to see me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very with with my my friend coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an exam coming up
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am not to be out of town all weekend. i was being alone
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i really thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my friend me
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so happy with my my my my husband me she is coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can not see my friend coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i feel all of breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am not to be out of town all weekend. i was being alone
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my my my my last night
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i really thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my friend me
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very happy with my my my friend me she is coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can not see my friend coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i feel all of breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am not to be out of town all weekend. i hates being alone
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my friend me
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so of of my my husband and she is coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i feel all of breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy to see my my husband me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to see out of town all weekend
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my sister was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad that my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was a little see my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm a to stay with me while he is gone.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was upset to see my friend me she was coming to see me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am not to see out of town all weekend
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been faithful to see my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was going to be out of town all weekend. i was being alone
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was upset to see my husband
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am not to see my of my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm a to see me while coming up
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was going to be out of town all weekend. i was being alone
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was upset to see my husband
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am not to see my of my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm a to see my apartment last weekend
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was really to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
