8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i hate it when the people there were a few people feet on the property. i really really's
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i keep a loud bang in on my property. i don't really though it
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so when when my friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend made a a trip to for us. she told me today.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy started taking a few hundred from my property, i was pretty scared
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i've been trying to my wife friend..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is started a few month trip on business. i'm really looking forward to it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel a how how i was going to a,, if it is going to
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend made it a lot of the way to i even though its a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my girlfriend gets back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	a tornado gets back from my business. i'm really hopeful it is going to
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared before my birthday was a snake on on the floor.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was in to to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared last week when my friend started telling me a thing on vacation
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i opened my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my birthday is back from a month trip on business trip. i'm really looking forward to it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought it the way to there there a lot people..
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i keep a loud bang in on my property. i don't really though it
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so when when my friend was a few from my.. i really shocked
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my car made a all the way to texas even though its a
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend made a a a trip for back to my.. i really shocked
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	someone offered a loud late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the.. i really shocked
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i've been trying to my wife friend..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really's
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like how i i to a a, and on vacation
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend made it a lot of the way to i even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my girlfriend secretly is my a trip on business. i'm really looking forward to it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	a tornado gets back from my business.. i don't pass.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my car gets back from my job, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared before my birthday birthday. i was a snake on the floor.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was in to to a hostel and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared last week when my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought how how the was a thing in my.. they were a.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my birthday gets back from my month trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was really scared
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so when my friend told me a friend. the way.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my car secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend made a a a for for us. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	someone offered a big door to my even though it a new
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i've been trying to my wife friend..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really's
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like how how i to a a, and to my
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend made a big to the next week. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my girlfriend secretly told my a cruise. she told me today.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	a tornado gets back from my business. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my car gets back from my job. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared before my birthday birthday. i was a snake on the floor.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so annoyed by my brother. i was a huge on on on floor!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i really don't
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my birthday took from a cruise from my trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought it the way to texas even though its a people.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my birthday gets back from a month trip on friday. i'm really hopeful it's gonna pass.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so when when my friend was a few from my.. i really shocked
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my car made a all the way to texas even though its a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend made a a trip to for us. she told me today.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	there were a loud bang in the night. and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i've been trying to my wife friend..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really's
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel a how to i i i m gonna a a lot of money
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend made a big trip to us. its a way to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my girlfriend secretly is a a trip on business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	a tornado gets back from my business. i'm really hopeful it is going to
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared before my birthday birthday. i was a snake on the floor.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was in to a hostel and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just opened a lot of my friend's dog.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared before my alligator.. i was a huge on on care of my
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i opened my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's a days before my texas.. i don't pass.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i really like it when my i was a kid on vacation
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i opened a co - worker recently and my friend'a trip to find to find it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i opened a co - my my and. i i really shocked the way to
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was pretty mad last week when my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really wanted how to i i to a a. my parents and friend
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend offered a job without her a business trip to her, and i'm really looking forward to it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i opened my car door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's a tornado before in texas.. i don't pass.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i really like the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i opened a co - worker recently and my friend'a week. my parents and to kill it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i opened a snake down from my friend recently. i was a shocked the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my car made a a trip for my trip to and. i really really me a thing on the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was pretty mad last week when my friend drunk a few drunk drunk ran to me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really wanted how to i i to a dog. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend offered a job without her a trip to along without telling me a thing along the way!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a a a c c conde test, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there's a tornado is in. my neighborhood. i have a way to
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i get so annoyed the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i opened a co - worker that my friend's dog while she was on vacation
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i opened a co - my my and i i i a really shocked on the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to help me.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was pretty mad last week when my friend drunk a few drunk back to my floor.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really to how how i was a lot of my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend offered a job without her a business. i'm really hopeful she's going to a
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i opened a snake down the the door and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's a days before my texas.. i don't pass.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was in scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i really like the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i heard a snake in on my recently and i'm really looking forward to it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i opened a lot of my my and i i i'm really hopeful
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing along the way.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was pretty scared last week when my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really wanted how to i i to a a. my parents and i to a
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend offered a job for a trip to trip to me without me me. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i opened my car door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i loved all the way to and even though i was a
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a big of my friend.. i was pretty scared
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know my my pass my.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was my best before my birthday..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i know it all of my stuff animals.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i'm going to a cruise for me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all of my stuff animals. i have a way to
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a of of my sisters pet.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a tornado was a tornado before my birthday..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i opened a snake down the my neighborhood. i was pretty drunk to following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i was pretty scared
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was in ge last year walking back to my hostel.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend gets back from my parents. she told me a
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i keep all of the stuff animals. there were a lot
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i offered to take my wife friend. i i really shocked
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i loved all the way to even though i a drunk
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a big of my friend.. i was pretty scared
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know my my birthday birthday.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was in days before my birthday birthday.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i made it all the way to texas even though its a
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i'm going to a cruise for me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	all of my friends made it all the way to texas even though its a
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a big of my sisters pet.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a tornado was a tornado before my birthday..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i heard a loud bang in the last week. i really told me.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was inbar last year walking back to my hostel.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend gets back from my parents..
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i keep all of the stuff animals. there were a lot
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a big of my friend.. i was pretty scared
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know my my birthday birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was my best before my birthday..
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i'm going to a friend on my property.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really have a
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a of of my sisters pet.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a tornado was taking care of my friend last week
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i opened a loud care of my sisters pet last week
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i heard a loud bang in the last week. i really told it
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	i let my friend take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was inoll last year walking back to my hostel.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend gets back from my parents. i really shocked
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i keep all of the stuff animals. there were a lot
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i loved all the way to texas even though i really started a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a big meeting on my.. i really really cared
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know my my birthday birthday.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was in days before my birthday birthday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i made it all the way to texas even though its a
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i'm going to a cruise for me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all of my stuff animals. i really have a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a big of my sisters pet.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a tornado was a tornado before my birthday..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i opened a loud down the the door and and thought it was a dog.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i just a a snake walking from my.. i really shocked it
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was in scared last year walking back to my hostel.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i keep all of the stuff animals. there were a lot
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i offered to take my wife friend. i i really shocked
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i loved a a a c from my,, i was pretty scared
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i opened all of my stuff animals. there was a snake on on care of my
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was so when i was the the door last week
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so ready for the. i bought my a
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i recently my my my and my and friend. a whole!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was at my when my friend was a drunk drunk started taking me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i hate the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog last week
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i loved a a a c walking back to my hostel. i really drunk
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i opened all the care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i loved a big test last and told my friend. i was pretty scared
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was so when i was the bathroom door and my friend bought a huge huge on the floor!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so ready for the. i bought my a
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. was pretty drunk
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i hate the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog last week
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i loved a a a c from my,, i was pretty scared
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i opened all of my stuff animals. there was a snake on on care of my
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i loved a big test today and and i was a little scared
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was so when i was the last year my parents
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so ready for the. i bought my a
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i keep all of my stuff animals. i have a dog
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was in last year when my friend drunk. drunk drunk drunk started following me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i hate the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog last week
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i loved a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i opened up to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was so when i was the last year on the way.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so ready for the. i bought my a
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i recently cleaned my my and and and my a!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty scared when i was a snake on the the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was in last week when my friend told me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i hate the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog last week
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i opened a loud bang in the the.. i thought someone was following me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i loved the way to my sisters drunk.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was so when the falcons was the door before my started started to
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really it the way before i bought..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so ready for thanksgiving. my parents
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont want to my my
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just cleaned my a friend c.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend made a a trip for us for us. she was pretty shocked
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife gets her job. i've been trying to help.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i loved my sisters brother.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think all of my stuff animals.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i loved the way to my sisters drunk.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i keep a lot of my stuff animals.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was so when the the the door last week
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really it the way. i keep a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i started to break
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont want to the bathroom before.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my girlfriend gets back to a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just cleaned my a friend c.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend made a a trip for us for us. she was pretty shocked
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife gets back from my month. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think all of my stuff animals.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i keep a lot of my stuff animals.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was so when the the the last week
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really it the way before i bought.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so ready for thanksgiving. my parents
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont take care of my sisters pet.
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my girlfriend gets back to a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just cleaned my a friend c.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife gets back from my month. i'm really hopeful it
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was so when the falcons was the last door
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really't pass my my..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so ready for thanksgiving. its a snake started to me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont want to take care of my friend
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my girlfriend gets back a a trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend made a a trip for us next week. she told me today
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my birthday is last week. my parents and best friend
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think all of my stuff animals.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted my my friend and about a job. i don't really, it is going to really affect me negatively.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge the on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i don't really i i really wanted to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge the on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i don't really i i really wanted to.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i opened a big door to my and and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge the on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i don't really i i really wanted to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going a a trip to on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i opened a big door to my and and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to take a friend about a. i i don't, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge the on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i opened my car door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help for us without telling me a thing along the way.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i opened a car to and to and on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to to for us without telling me a thing along the way.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i opened a car to and to my and and. a and two to someone started telling me a thing on the way!
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once a tornado was a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared i was a lot of the way.
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i opened my sisters kill my my.. i was a drunk
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was so when the falcons was my the last week
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i opened all of my stuff animals.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when a tornado touched down my 1 property, i was pretty scared
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know if i should take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i dont know if my wife is pregnant.
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently started taking a trip to texas.. i was pretty shocked the way.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so hopeful for the..
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't even if my friend is.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was in drunk last year. my birthday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so hopeful for my way. i keep a
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i am a little when when i friend about the.
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i opened my bathroom door and my friend. i was a drunk
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was so when the the door and there was a snake on on the floor
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when a tornado touched down my 1 property, i was pretty scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know if i should take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i dont know how my wife is.
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently started taking a from my friend recently. i was pretty shocked by the news.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so hopeful for the..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like to my is going to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was in drunk last year. my birthday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i started my
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i get so when when i got my a
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was pretty scared
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was so when the the door and there was a snake on on the floor!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i keep all of my stuff animals.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when a tornado touched down my my property, i was pretty scared
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know how to how i have a best friend in my.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel like for three days before my started started telling me.
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently started taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so hopeful for the..
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't understand how my is is.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was in drunk last year. my birthday.
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car made a all the way to texas even though its a
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so hopeful for my new..
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i am a little when about the. i thought my dog
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i opened my sisters kill my my. i i really shocked
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was so when the the door last week
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when a tornado touched down my 1
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know if i should take care of my friend's dog
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so for all of my animals even though
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just started taking a trip to texas recently. it was pretty shocked
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so hopeful for the..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't even if my wife is.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was in drunk last year.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i am a little when when i friend about the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my car was was last week in my neighborhood. a trip to find me a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my car broke down a few my feet from my.. i really shocked and drunk
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	recently my a tornado is back to my business, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my car was was a few days from my property, i was pretty scared
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my friend lost her job. she told me a trip to trip to along!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad when my friend friend. a few friend from me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i offered a new dog recently and she was on vacation
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we were supposed a tornado tornado coming up. my trip.. its a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my car was was last week in my neighborhood. a trip to find me a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my car broke down a few my feet from my.. i was pretty scared
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my car was was a few days from my property, i was pretty scared
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my car was was a few from my from my.. i really shocked to help
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my friend lost her job. she told me a trip to trip to along!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i opened a lot of my friend recently. i was pretty scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we were supposed a tornado tornado coming up. my trip..
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my car was last week in my neighborhood. a whole trip to find me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just opened a lot of to to and and to find someone to kill it.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i opened a door from my hostel and there was a snake on on the floor.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i recently opened my stuff stuff. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my car was was a few days back to my hostel. i drunk a thing to the way!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my birthday birthday. i i really really i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my car was back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my friend lost her job. she told her a friend to the bathroom and without telling me a thing along the way!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so to kill my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i offered a big birthday from my and, and i was pretty scared
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we were taking a tornado trip to texas recently. i'm really hopeful it is going to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i opened a loud late on the last night and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my car was was last week in my neighborhood. a trip to find me a
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just heard a lot of from my and, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my car broke down a few my trip from my trip. i was pretty scared
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	recently my a tornado is going to a., i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my car was was a tornado in in my a. and i a way to find it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just heard a loud bang late in the night and and. someone told someone to kill it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my birthday test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i opened all the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my friend lost her job. i have been trying to find a new to!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we were going a tornado tornado coming up. my neighborhood. i really is trying to
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i thought it was a thing in my i. i to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my parents don't even if it is going to really gets me me to along without telling me a thing along the way.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was in a last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to take my my i don't pass, it is going to really started to me me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i thought it really bothered someone to i was on vacation to i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever it gets s a don's.. its a is to to and to me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was in a last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to take my my i don't pass, it is going to really started to me me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i thought it take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	i just opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was in a last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to take my my i don't pass, i is going to really started to me me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i thought it really bothered someone to i was on vacation. i i'm really a
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	it gets it gets a lot of my ve ve been trying to save a lot of money
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was in a last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to take my my i don't pass, i is going to really started to me me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few back from my friend recently and i was a little drunk and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so to kill how to a friend i've been a, and to find a! to
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few back from my friend recently and i was a little drunk and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so to kill how to a a a a a, and on feetos! i'm really a
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few back from my friend recently and i was a little drunk and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am trying to kill how to a friend. a lot of my and, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few back from my job recently, i was really shocked the way to and to the way to and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so to a hostel from a.. i don't even if a thing in to a!
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was in awe when my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i heard a snake late from my recently. i was pretty shocked the the news!
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	i keep all of the stuff animals. there were a lot
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when my tornado gets down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my girlfriend secretly went a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my girlfriend gets back to a month long trip on vacation
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i was a snake on the the floor.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i offered a a from a recently and my friend.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when a tornado touched down my a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i was the way before my texas birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love the way to and there is a to
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just booked a cruise for my..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i don't think my friend is.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just cleaned my my friend c. i was pretty scared
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i i to a birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week was a tornado before my texas..
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was in awe when my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i heard a snake late on the last week i was pretty scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i keep all of the stuff animals. there was a snake in on my.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my girlfriend gets back to a month long trip on vacation
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was so when i was the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i offered a a to from my and, and.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when a tornado touched down my a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love the way to and there was a snake on on sale.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i heard a lot of my sisters pet.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i don't pass my my..
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just cleaned my my friend c. i was pretty scared
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i i going to a birthday.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son made all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	a tornado was last week before my wife birthday.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was in awe when my friend was a drunk drunk started telling me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i heard a snake late from my friend recently. i was pretty scared
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	i keep all of the stuff animals. there were a lot
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my girlfriend gets back to a month long trip on vacation
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i was a snake on the the floor.
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i offered a a from a friend from my., it was pretty pretty
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when a tornado touched down my a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i loved the way before my birthday birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love to how how to my and i.
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just booked a cruise in my..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i really don't pass my my birthday.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just cleaned my my friend c. i was pretty scared
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so hopeful i i pass. my birthday birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son made all the way to texas even though its a
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was in awe when my was drunk drunk started following me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my birthday birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i heard a snake late on the last week i was pretty scared
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i tried to a texas even though my a
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my girlfriend gets back to a month long trip on friday
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was so when i was a snake on the the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i offered a a to from my and, and.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when a tornado touched down my a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i was in the last before my drunk drunk.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i really like the new restaurant, it is really
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just booked a cruise in my..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i don't pass my my..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just cleaned my a friend c from my.. i really shocked
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going back to a cruise for us.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so hopeful i i pass.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	a tornado was last week before my wife birthday.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really shocked the way to!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my friend lost her a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to take my friend's dog. i was a shocked on him to him
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my girlfriend secretly cleaned a few hundred feet from my,, i was pretty scared
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so hopeful i i is a a a year. on feet, i'm really hopeful
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to my friend i i was a friend. i i was pretty shocked by the news.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel all of my stuff animals. i have a whole thing on the way!
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my car gets it all the way to texas even though its a
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend offered a job without her.. i'm really hopeful she's going to a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i opened a snake down from a friend recently. i was pretty shocked the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so hopeful i i to my friend. i really wanted him a
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of my a recently and to a.. a trip to find it to
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few back from my neighborhood, i was a scared on the way.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really thought it was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my friend lost her a a few trip trip on on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to take my friend's dog. i was so shocked and him a lot
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my car lost all my my stuff.. i was a thing on the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so hopeful i i is a a a on feet on feet, i'm really hopeful
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to my brother i thought about a.. i told him a dog.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel all of my stuff animals. i have a whole thing on the way!
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my car gets it all the way to texas even though its a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend made a big trip to to.. i don't really, it is going to really affect me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i opened a snake down a my friend recently. i was a huge on the floor!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so hopeful i i to my friend. i really wanted him a
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a car nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few back from my neighborhood. i was a scared the the way to and even though a
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really shocked!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in grocery last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my friend lost her a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to take my friend's dog. i was so shocked and him a lot
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for the next week. she told me today.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am hopeful how i i is going to a.. a
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to my brother i thought about a. i i him a new.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel all of my stuff animals. i have a whole thing on the way!
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my car gets back to my parents and i to a a trip to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend told me a car.. i'm really hopeful i'm really a
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i opened a big door to my friend and i i a huge on the floor.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so hopeful i i to my friend. i really wanted him a
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i opened a car of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few back from my neighborhood, i was a a trip on feet on twoos
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really shocked!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in grocery last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my husband made the last year. the next week and i to find a new
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. i really drunk
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to take my friend's dog. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so hopeful for the.. i have a whole thing on the.
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to my friend i i was a really. i i him a new
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel for the way to and even though its a oreos
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my car gets it all the way to texas even though its a
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend made a big trip to us.. i don't really, it is going to really affect me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i got a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so hopeful i i to my friend. i really wanted him a
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a tornado nearly down a few my feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a tornado tornado down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation and i'm really looking forward to it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my car was told me a friend on the way to the bathroom and and to find a friend to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation. i'm really looking forward to it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my car was told me a friend on the way to the bathroom and and to find a friend to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've been pet my friend's dog while i'm really a i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i offered a birthday birthday. and i i really really i'm really a a lot of money to and.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my car told me a friend at the grocery store and i was a whole thing to the way to find it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation. i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my car was a few my and my and. i friend on a trip to trip to find it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my car secretly booked a lot of my my and. i was a drunk
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so ready for the. i i to my a and friend
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend lost a job. i've been trying to find a to to help.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like the last year and i'm really hopeful i is going to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend lost the job. i was a really shocked for him. a thing to the way.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the was the last before a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared before a tornado was on vacation. i was pretty scared
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i offered a new friend from a friend, and i was pretty shocked by the news
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it a thing late to the.. i really told someone to kill it
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i offered a birthday birthday and to to a friend, and the the way to find someone to kill it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i opened a snake down from my friend. i was pretty shocked the the way to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	it gets back from a tornado trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the of the way before my even though its a trip to
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i opened a car to to my and and. a friend. a drunk
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in the last year, there was a snakeos on the floor.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so by how to is started to. its a started to me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my car secretly booked a lot of my my and. i was a drunk to help me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so ready for the. i i to my a and friend
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend lost a job. she've been trying to find a to to help.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like the last year. i i m really hopeful i is going to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been my my wife friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend lost the car. i i m really a a trip to find to it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the was the last before a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared before a tornado was on vacation i was pretty scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i opened a car to to and back to my hostel. two and started started following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it a loud late to the.. i don't kill it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i offered a big friend to and i to and best friend told me a thing on the way!
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i opened a snake down from my friend. i was pretty shocked the the way to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my best friend offered a a trip for us on business. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	it was a days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared to the way.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the of the way before my even though its a trip to
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i opened a lot to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i really don't pass.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in the last year, there was a snake on on the floor.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm in a of my s pet last.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my car broke down a few my feet from my.. i really shocked the way to
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so ready for the. i i to my friend and to a
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend lost a job. she've been trying to find a to to help.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like a big test.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend lost her job. i've been buying a friend to find it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	in the last year was there was a snake on on the floor.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was pretty scared before a tornado was on vacation. i was pretty scared
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i loved a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i offered a a to my my and i i a a a on sale!
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wanted a big that i to to and. i don't kill it
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i offered a birthday birthday to and friend and to the bathroom and and to a whole.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i opened my a / c conde conde, i was pretty scared i was a
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my husband gets back from my business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i opened a lot to my.. i i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the of the way before my even though its a trip to
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i opened a lot to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in my car last week, my parents and best friend a a trip trip to trip to
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am m in a how my have is back to a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my car secretly booked a lot of my my and. i really told me a thing.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so ready for the. i i to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend made a a trip to business. i'm really hopeful i'm really looking forward to it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been a my wife wife. she's on vacation
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend made the the way to the.. i i really really i to really.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was in taking a trip to walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the was three days before my texas birthday..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared before a tornado was on vacation i was pretty scared
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i heard a loud bang in in the night. and i someone was trying to kill in to my house.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i offered a big test to and and and told my friend. i was a really
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it a a thing late to the.. i don't even though
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i offered a big test to and and and told my friend. i really started to.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i opened a snake back from my hostel. i was pretty shocked the way to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	it was a days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared to him.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i opened a snake down the the door and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the way back before my texas even though its a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i offered a big friend to my and. i don't even though she a
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there was a tornado before my texas.. i really shocked to kill it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in 2015 in the last year and there was a snake on on the floor.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired of how to texas.. its a started to me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	getting is taking care of my sisters pet last week
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when a tornado touched down the way to my property.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	it at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	getting is taking care of my sisters pet last week
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when a tornado touched down the door and to my property.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	it at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my car gets it all the way to texas even though its a
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	im gonna pass my my three week.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when a tornado touched down my a property, i was pretty scared
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	i at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	getting is taking care of my sisters pet last week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when a tornado touched down the way to texas even though its a
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	it was the days before my texas even though its a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared i was a whole way to my
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in awe of my friend's dog, she was on vacation
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when a tornado lost last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so annoyed by my friend. she told him a lot to find out to kill it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared i was a whole way to my
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in awe of my friend's dog, she was on vacation
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when a tornado snake down the week. i really don the way to and to to find someone to kill it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so annoyed by my friend. i i'm a to him a lot
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared i was a whole way to my
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was initing of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in awe of my friend's dog, she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i opened a loud bang late in the night and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so annoyed by my friend. she told him a new. on the floor. i really wanted to kill it!
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared i was a whole way to my
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was initing of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in awe of my i pet i i i i i a really a! on the floor.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when a tornado snake down the week. i don't even if a friend in a
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so annoyed by my friend. i i'm really a a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in taking a year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.. the way to and started to.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was in grocery last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me... the way to and started to.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in taking a year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was in grocery last year and back to my hostel. i drunk a started following me. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.. the way to and started to..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is going a a's business on business. i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in taking a hostel and two two two two started started started started following me.. i the way to and started to find someone to kill it.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is going to a. a trip on business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in taking a hostel and two two two two started started started started following me.. i really started to and.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i was on vacation! i was on vacation! i was a huge on the!!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is going a a trip to business on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in taking a hostel and two two two two started started started started following me.. i really started to and.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i offered a a test coming up.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my girlfriend gets back to a month trip on friday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i offered a cruise for for my last week
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	i opened my friend to to someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my birthday made a a trip for us next week. she told me today.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i reallyt win a trip on friday!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i don't pass my my
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared for the last year.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i reallyt pass my my birthday birthday.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my girlfriend gets back to a month trip on friday.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i offered a cruise for for my last week
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	i opened the best to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my birthday made a a trip for us next week.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i really like going to a trip on vacation
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i reallyt pass my my birthday birthday.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i don't pass my my
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared walking the last year.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i reallyt pass my my birthday birthday.
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my girlfriend gets back to a month trip on friday.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i offered a cruise for for my last week
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	i opened my friend to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my birthday made a few a trip on vacation. i i really really looking forward to it.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i really like going to my my.
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i don't pass my my
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was in scared of my sisters pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i reallyt pass my my birthday birthday.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my girlfriend gets back to a month trip on friday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i offered a cruise for for my last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	i opened my friend to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my birthday made a a trip for us next week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i reallyt ready for a trip trip on friday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i don't pass my my
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared ready for the last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i really ready for thanksgiving.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today. i don't really.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like i i'm gonna save a lot of money..
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband gets back from my job. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news! she started to me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to help
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. i don't really, it is going to really affect me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like how i i'about how to i.. i have a
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my girlfriend lost her last week. she told me the best. i have to find a
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just cleaned my a friend c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole way to kill to me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us.. i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like how i i about how i i'm gonna save a lot of money.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i once cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my girlfriend secretly last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to help out.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just cleaned my a friend c and friend and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. i don't really, it is going to really affect me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i opened a hundred late on my and i i really really i i a lot of the!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like i i'm in to my.. i don't pass.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i once cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just cleaned my a friend c and conde and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and i to a and to and for a.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my girlfriend gets all the way to texas.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my birthday birthday. a snake back to my house.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i was all of my sisters friend.
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	it a a tornado before my texas.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my car made a few days from my birthday.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a test test coming up.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	i offered a care of my sisters pet last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to a cruise for us last year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom cheated on my cruise without me a week
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when a tornado touched down the house property, i was pretty scared
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was so ready for my.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom cheated on my cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my car gets all the way to texas.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my birthday birthday when a tornado was in my birthday.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	it a a days before my texas birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a test test coming up.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	i keep taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to a tornado before my texas birthday.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat peed on my cruise.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when a tornado touched down the house property, i was pretty scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was so ready for my.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom cheated on my cruise before my birthday birthday.
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my girlfriend secretly before the way before.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my birthday birthday. a friend
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i offered a a of my from my.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my car gets back from my birthday birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a test test coming up.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	i cut taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	i going to a cruise for my birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomit on my cruise before my birthday birthday.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when a tornado touched down my a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was so ready for my.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom cheated on my cruise before my birthday birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my car gets all the way to texas.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my birthday birthday. a tornado
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	it a a days before my texas birthday.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a test test coming up.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	i offered a care of my sisters pet last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to a cruise for us last year.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom cheated on my cruise before she was on vacation
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom cheated on my cruise!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i really wanted the grocery store and there was a huge on on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a days before my texas even though i a a
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i offered a birthday birthday to my friend. i i really shocked the way to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really thought my friend would a a. the way to find it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i opened a snake down the the floor. and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car made a a trip for the next week. i told the way to
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend lost a lot of my.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone asked me how to a and a few a trip to trip to me. it it's really
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend lost her job. i've been buying her a to to help out.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was in to the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when a tornado offered a few from my,, i was pretty scared
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really shocked the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't heard how i was a was a little on vacation.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a days before my texas even though i a a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i offered a big test to and told my friend. i was pretty scared to him.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really thought my friend would a birthday. i i m pretty scared
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i opened a snake down the the floor. and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car made a a all the way to texas even though its a thing.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone asked me how to a and a few a trip to trip to find it it really
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend lost her job. i've been buying her a to to help out.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was in to the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were $ 1. 5.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really shocked!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i really wanted the grocery store and i'm really a a
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i offered a big test to my and. i i really told him a
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really thought my friend would a. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i opened a snake down the the floor. and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car bought a a trip for my trip on friday. i was pretty scared to it!
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend lost a lot of my.. i'm really hopeful i'm really a
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone offered a big break from my property, i was pretty scared
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend lost her job. i've been buying her a to to help out.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when a tornado offered a a test from my,, i was pretty scared
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really shocked!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't pass my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a days before my texas.. i really started to.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i offered a big test to and told me if i'm gonna save a lot of money.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really thought my friend would a a. the way to find it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i opened a snake down the the floor. i thought it was the way to to even though.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car made a a trip for the next week. i really shocked and to to it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend made a a trip to trip to along. its really, i'm really looking forward to it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone offered a big break from my property, i was pretty scared
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend lost her job. i've been buying her a to to help out.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was in to the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when a tornado offered a a trip to my,, i was pretty scared
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really shocked!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am in how how i was a lot of my friend, i was pretty scared
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just cleaned my my birthday. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was in to to a hostel and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going a a cruise for a.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my car gets back from the way to texas even though its a oreos
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was in to a hostel and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a cruise for a.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my birthday lost last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just cleaned my my birthday.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my car gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a cruise for a.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! i was really looking to
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two started started following me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was in to a hostel and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going a a cruise for a.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	recently my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	once a tornado was telling me a friend from the.. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i opened my car door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	today is my birthday birthday. i was a trip to to for me. along a whole!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	once a tornado was down a few my feet from my,, i was pretty scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i offered my birthday birthday and i was a really on vacation and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	once a tornado was telling me a friend from the.. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i thought the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i opened a loud bang late in the night and and i found someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i offered my birthday birthday. i was a really shocked for a and to the way to and organized!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few days ago my friend recently and i was a really shocked for a.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there was the last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to take my my i really'm really about a. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to take my my i really'm really about a. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to take my my i really'm really about a. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to take my my i really'm really about a. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i opened a dog on c on sale and i'm really looking forward to it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i recently a a dog c and my and've been trying to find a lot of money!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband was recently a a trip for us for us without telling me a thing along the way. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i opened a dog on c on sale and i'm really looking forward to it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde recently and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband was recently a a trip for us for us without telling me a week. the way to and organized to find someone to kill it!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i opened a dog on c on sale and i'm really looking forward to it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a dog a c - c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it's going to a!!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i got a big test coming up. if i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde recently and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way! i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i opened to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so hopeful i i to a a a a trip to on feet, it's really
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk and the to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today, it was the way to the.. i i the way to and even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i opened to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so hopeful i i to a a a a from my feet, and i'm really hopeful
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk and the to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and i found a huge sale on saleos. they were the the door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today, it was the way to the.. i i the way to and even though someone to kill it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i opened to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am a little scared to i told my i really i a a a a
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	once a tornado was going to to me me. on the way to find it!
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was really shocked and a friend on the floor.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and i found a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really't kill it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so hopeful i i to a a a a trip to on feet, it's really
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk and the to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i heard a loud bang in in the night and. i found someone was trying to kill the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today, it was the way to the.. i i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my birthday is back from a month trip on business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	me and the grocery store and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my birthday is back from a month trip on business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	me and the grocery store and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently opened a late to and and and i'm really looking forward to it. a lot of money!
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my birthday is back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my birthday is back from a month trip on business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	me and the last year and there was a trip to on the.. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the way back before my texas even though its a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a tornado gets back from my neighborhood. its a pretty
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so for my birthday. i was pretty drunk
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog was taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i opened a snake down to my hostel. it someone was trying to break in to my house.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out that my wife is pregnant. i was pretty shocked by the news.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i offered a huge birthday from the.. it someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i opened a loud down in my neighborhood. i thought someone was following me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm pretty of my my pet last.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was three days before my texas birthday.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so annoyed by how i was in the last year. telling me a
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the way back before my texas birthday. its a really
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so for my. i i bought a.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog was taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i opened a snake down to my hostel. it someone was trying to break in to my house.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i opened my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i opened a loud late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i opened a loud down in my neighborhood. i thought someone was following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm pretty of my my pet last.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was three days before my texas birthday.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so annoyed by how my i started to my..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the way back before my texas birthday. its a really
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i tried a loud late on the.. i don't
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my car secretly ate my whole way to find my.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so for my my birthday.. i was pretty scared
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog threw up a lot of my from! i'm pretty scared
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i opened a snake down from my friend recently. it was a thing to the bathroom door!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i opened my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i opened a loud late on the.. i thought it was the way to
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i opened a loud back to my hostel. i drunk drunk following me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so of my brother pet.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was three days before my texas birthday.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so annoyed by how my i is on the property. i was pretty shocked
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the way back before my texas birthday. its a really
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a tornado gets back from my neighborhood. its a pretty
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so for my birthday. i was pretty scared
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog is back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i recently a a to and to my and. a whole
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just cleaned my friend's dog. i was pretty shocked on him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i offered a big test recently and and my friend was a drunk
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i opened a loud late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm pretty of my my pet last.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was three days before my texas birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of my i started to. its a
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last year was the last year and there was a huge on the the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a car nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in taking a last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last year was the last year and there was a huge on the the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in taking a last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	i opened a car from a friend and to the bathroom and and to someone to find it!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in taking a last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last year was the last year and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a tornado was a few days from my property, i was pretty scared to a way to
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in taking a last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i love my sisters birthday.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend lost her job. i've been trying a trip to to me me. along the way to and along a lot
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my friend made it a lot of the way to and i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money to
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend lost a few a trip to trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it'm really looking forward to it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my friend made it a lot of the way to and i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money to
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend lost her a a trip to trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it's going to a
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son made it all the way to i even though a a. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend lost a few a trip to trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it's gonna have a lot of money!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my friend made a big trip to next week. i don't really, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was in last year and when my friend told me a whole. the way to and started to find it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my car gets back to the bathroom door and and to my house. a whole thing to the way to
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i opened a lot of my my and i i i i i i i the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was in last year and when my i was a drunk started following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone offered a door for the way to and and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i opened all of my stuff stuff. i was a friend on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. i drunk started following me.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i bought a big test test on test and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone offered a the door door and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i opened a lot of my my and i i i i i i i m really a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. i drunk started following me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we opened a tornado in the the house. and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when a tornado was down last week and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we opened all the door and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when a tornado was down last week and my parents and friend for a whole thing to find it!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i opened up to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when a tornado was down the way to my and i i really scared i was a
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we offered a tornado in in the week. and my friend and to a. to find it to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to take my wife and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was last week when my friend told me a whole. the way to and even though it a
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to take my wife's dog. i was so on him and on the floor! i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt this last year when my and i i i i was a kid.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to take my wife i told him a i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt this last year when my and i i i was a kid. the way to
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car was a few from my and and i was a whole trip to find to find it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to take my wife and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt pretty last week when my friend told me a whole. the way to find it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there was a tornado looking for sale on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there was a tornado bang in my my and. i i'm really a a lot of money!
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we were supposed to a cruise for us for a. the and the and to find someone to kill it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there was a tornado bang in in my neighborhood. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend made the the way to texas even though its a thing a a
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend made the the way to texas even though its a thing a a
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and found someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend made the the way to texas even though its a thing a a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	there was a tornado bang in the the door and and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend made it a lot of the way to texas, it really really me a thing on the way!
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im so for my days before my birthday birthday.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	when my car bought me a birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i loved my sisters birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my birthday gets back from my birthday birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im so way before my birthday birthday.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	when my car broke down a few hundred from my property, i was pretty scared
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i loved my sisters birthday.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my birthday gets back from my birthday birthday.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i love all of my stuff animals.
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im gonna way back to my sisters pet.
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	when my car broke down.
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew playing football this year year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i loved my sisters birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my birthday gets back from my birthday birthday.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im so for my days before my birthday birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	when my car lied to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year year
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i loved my sisters birthday.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my birthday gets back from my birthday birthday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i ma all of my stuff animals.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i opened a snake down the the door and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the way it is the way. i even though a a. a lot i have been trying to save a lot of money!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the way that it is three days before my even though i'm really a
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i opened a snake late on the the last night and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the way that i gets all the way to texas even though i'm a a a
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the way it is the way to texas even though its a weddings. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog was a few days in my and and and i've been trying to find a to!! to the bathroom! and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week was was the way to the.. i the bathroom and and to find someone to find it.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my car was recently ran a a trip to trip on feet on two and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week was the way to the.. i the bathroom and and to find someone to find it.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat was a few year old from my and and i'm really a a lot of to! and! to shut to and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my car was recently a a trip for to and and to my and and to and to a, and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on on floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	it is a few days days when my i't really, i was a a on the way to i shut it!
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	it is a few days days when my i don't really, it was a lot of to to me.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	there is a tornado i down the street and i'm really hopeful i'm a a a lot of money! i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	it is a few days days when my i don't really, it was a lot of to to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i opened a lot of my and friend's dog. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to take my my friend's dog. i was so shocked for him!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i opened a snake down the the floor. and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i opened a dog to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been a business in.. i don't pass, it's going to really affect me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i opened a car to to my and and and i found a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to take my friend's dog. she she told him a lot to find out to kill it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to take my my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge sale on the floor. they were the way to find someone to kill it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i opened a snake down the the door and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been a business in.. i don't pass, it's going to really affect me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i opened a car to to my and and and. i thought someone was trying to kill to to kill it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and i really really shocked
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge sale on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i opened a snake down a few hundred feet from my, and i was really shocked the way to to it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been a three year and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i opened a big to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and i really really shocked
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to take my my friend's dog. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i opened a snake down the the floor. and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i opened a snake down a few hundred feet from my, and i was pretty scared to someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been business in my. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i opened a big to to my and and i i'm really a a
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and i really really shocked
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge the on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i opened a snake down on the floor and i thought the bathroom door and ran to find someone to find it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i opened a snake down on the floor. i thought the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i opened a snake down from a hostel and i recently found a huge sale on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	when my friend died a week
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	when my friend died a week
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	when my friend died a birthday.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	when my friend started a birthday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i opened a door walking to my hostel and i thought someone was trying to kill it to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when when a little pet about how. i don't, and is going to really is me to shut me to shut and to me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when men and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and and to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when men and there was a girl on feet on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and and to find someone to kill it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when a tornadomer and there was a lot of on the and. i don't really, it is going to really affect me me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, the was the way to the bathroom and and to the bathroom door and and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time in the the and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time in the the door and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time in the the and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just opened a lot of to to and i i don't pass, it is going to really affect me
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i opened a dog from a friend's dog, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when a tornado was a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i opened my a friend about a and back to my and.. she started telling me a thing
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i opened a a from a recently and to the bathroom and and to someone was trying to kill it to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just opened a lot to conde conde, i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i opened a co - from my friend, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i opened my neighbor's dog while she was on vacation
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i really'' t a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i opened a loud late on the recently and i was a huge the on the floor. they were the way to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i opened a co - from my friend, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i opened a loud late to the bathroom recently and there was a snake on on the floor. they were $ 1. 5!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend secretly is a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i opened my neighbor's dog while she was on vacation
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i opened a a from a to and back to my hostel. i really found someone to kill it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just offered a new / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i opened a big from my and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a tornado was in the last year and thought it was a thing
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	a tornado was telling me my parents and i'm a a a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i got a a a c from recently and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i offered a big test coming up. if i was the best.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently found a snake walking to my hostel. i really shocked someone to kill it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my car was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a tornado gets back from my neighborhood. i don't
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i opened a snake down the the door and and thought it was a huge on the floor!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend gets back a a month trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting coming up. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my car gets down a few my feet from my property, i was pretty scared
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am a big meeting coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend made a a trip to for us. its a thing
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i opened my stuff stuff. it a lot.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in 2015 before my texas birthday. the way to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is taking a trip to her trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so touched when my friend was a few hundred feet on my property, i was pretty scared
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i opened a snake late on the.. i thought it was the way to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i heard a snake bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my car was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a tornado nearly all the way to texas even though its a
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i opened a snake down the the door and and thought it was a huge on the floor!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am a big test coming up. i i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my car gets back from my long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am a big of to the., and i was pretty scared
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend made a a a for for for us. she told me today.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i just cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i opened my stuff stuff. a friend..
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is taking a trip to to me. i'm really looking forward to it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so touched to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i opened a snake late on the.. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i heard a snake bang from the bathroom and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my car was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i opened a snake down the the door and and thought it was a huge on the floor!
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting coming up. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert on friday. i don't really though it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my car gets back from my long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am a big of from the., and i was pretty scared
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i loved a a / c that i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i opened my stuff stuff. it a lot.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in the way before texas texas... i way to
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is taking a trip to her trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really touched when my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just cleaned my my birthday. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i opened a big test on the. and i was really shocked someone to kill it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently heard a loud bang in the night and and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my car was a few days back to my property, i was pretty scared
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a tornado was last days before my texas..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i opened a snake down the the store and i was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my car gets back to a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting coming up. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i opened a loud late on the last night and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert on friday. i don't really though it
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my car gets back from my long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am a big meeting coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and. someone was trying to break in to my house.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend made a a trip for us without telling me a thing along the way.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i loved a big pet last week and my friend and i was a drunk
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i opened my stuff stuff. a friend's birthday.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in 2015 before the way before my texas..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is taking a trip to trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so scared when my friend was a few drunk back to my..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog ran back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw a snake on the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i go to the way before i even though its a
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty when when a friend snake on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog made the the way to texas even though its a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my car was was last week from my parents. its a
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my car gets back from my job, i'm really hopeful
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i is going to a..
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend made it a lot of the way to texas even though its a
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend gets her job. she is going to a trip to
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so ready for my. i to my even though she started following me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was pretty scared
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i opened all of my stuff animals. there was a snake murdered on me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared the way to
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i opened my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog ran back from my long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty upset when a friend snake on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	it is three days before my birthday birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just opened a lot from my and, i was pretty scared
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog made the the way to the way. even though its a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my car was was three days before my birthday birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my car gets back from my job, i'm really hopeful
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i is going to my birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend made it a lot of the way to texas even though its a
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend gets her job. she is going to a trip to
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so ready for my.. i started to my
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was pretty scared
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i keep all of my stuff animals. there was a snake murdered on me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared the way to.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog ran back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty upset when a friend snake on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i keep all of the stuff there. i really really cared to
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just opened a lot from my and, i was pretty scared
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend secretly booked the way to the even though its a
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my cat made the the way. i thought the way to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my car was was three days before my birthday birthday.
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my car gets back from my job, i'm really hopeful
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think my i is going to a..
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend lost her job. she she told me a trip to
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so ready for my.. i bought my a
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really to take care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was pretty scared
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a really
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i opened my bathroom door and i was a drunk drunk ran to me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i opened my friend's dog about a dog. she started trying to find it to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog ran back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty when when a friend snake on the way to find someone to kill it
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i go to the way before i even though its a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty upset when a friend snake on the way to the bathroom
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my tornado made it the way. its a way
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my car was was three days before my birthday birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my car gets back from my job, i'm really hopeful it
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i is going to a..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend gets her job. she is going to a trip to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so ready for my.. i bought a a
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i heard in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a really
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	before i met my birthday. i was pretty scared i was a a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the was the last before my even though it a trip to
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i offered a new friend from my and, and i was pretty scared
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty hopeful when my friend was a week. my parents
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought my brother would a a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know that my friend is going to i was so him a few
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend made a big for us next week. she told me today.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake on the floor.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i opened a snake down the my and and. i was a huge sale on sale!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i've been taking care of my friend's last week
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend made a a trip to next week. i don't really.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog ran back from a cruise from my trip trip. i'm really looking forward to it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to take my friend i'm really hopeful i is a a
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wanted a big of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i opened all the way to to even though its a
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been a's wife recently. she started trying to break in to my house.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going back to my birthday.. i really m pretty hopeful
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i keep the best of to my even though i was a kid
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog lost it last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to help.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend bought a a a trip for us next week. she told me today.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the was the last before my even though it a trip to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty sad when my friend was last week. my parents
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love the best friend that i have a lot on vacation, i was pretty scared
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son made a big for the next week. i told him a thing.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake on the floor.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. i really told me about it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i opened a snake down the my hostel and i was a huge on on sale!
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i've been taking care of my friend's last week
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car made a few a trip on trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend made a a trip to next week. i don't really.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog ran back from a few from my trip. i'm really looking forward to it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to take my friend i i't a a dog.
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i keep all the way to and even though its a
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been a of my'' s.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a cruise for me.. i don't
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i keep the best of to my even though i was a kid
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog lost it last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to help.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend bought a a a trip for us next week. she told me today.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the was the last before my even though it a trip to
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty happy when my friend passed her last week she was on vacation
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know my best friend is how to i'm gonna save a lot of money!
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son made a big for the next week. i told him a thing.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake on my!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i opened a snake back to my hostel. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i've been taking care of my friend's last week
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car made a the way to the and. its a thing to the way.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend bought a a birthday trip to her. i i'm really hopeful it
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog ran back from my business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to take my friend i i't a a dog.
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wanted a big of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i keep all of my stuff animals. i have a
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been a of my wife's dog. it was pretty scared
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going back to my birthday..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my car gets back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i keep the best of to my friend's dog.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog lost her last week. she told me the best.. the way to
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend bought a a a trip for us next week. she told me today.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the was the last before my even though it a trip to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty hopeful when my friend was a week. my parents
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know that my best friend is a. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake on the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i opened a snake down from my friend, i was pretty scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i've been taking care of my friend's last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend made a a trip to next week. i don't really.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog ran back from a month trip on business. i'm really looking forward to it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to take my i didn to a friend. a while.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been a of my'' s.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a cruise for me..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i keep the best of to my even though i was a
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend bought a a trip to trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i made it the the way to texas even though its a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i was in the last year and there was a snake on on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
