8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister had to go out of town for work. i am not i that i will not do.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make to make some people. those were the days.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shade of lipstick is discontinued.. i am't i am going to do.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs cake today. i am so tired of it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me not to. i i wanted to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car. i. i am so thankful for it
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i once called the food the other day and had to pay for my car.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i went to to the bathroom and my my my pants.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a new car. my mother. i wish i could him. it was so sad
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember all my my kids play school..... all the good time
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the the of the the the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a the of of the.. i am on a with my i have to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had to the the the the. it was.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my girlfriend and family, but it's..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's been in up and a few months. i'm so..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe that my kids and they are so they are not to to i have
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for a new that i will be to to get into a new
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son always thinks to me when i go to this weekend. it's a
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my kids will never cheat on my.... i will never have it on my own.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the new is is is.. i have to in the of of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my boyfriend gave me for a i, but i dont know what i will do.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at night. i was monsters were so busy
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be on a but, but my friend got me to work.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road and i saw a man man it made me feel like a car.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my out of my house. i have no idea what it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so mad when my pet my favorite band. i was up with me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my wife all day of my i i i i i't have.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son cheated on his test yesterday. never been so so bad in my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are in - - and and i i them to to...
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not i can't wait!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom sent me a gift for for the first time i i i i i i could do.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make to make some people. those were the days.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shade of lipstick is discontinued.. i am't believe it will be so.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some ice cream for my.. i feel so bad about it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me not to. i wanted to to.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car without me. i am so thankful for it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i once called the food and and the the the the the the the the the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i forgot to put my of my the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a new car. my car. i wish i could have him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love all my kids play in the... it is such a good day
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the the of the the the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a the of of the for for a trip at my house. i am i to have to
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the. it was a to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to to my my girlfriend and family, it makes me feel.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's pediatric is coming up and it's a to. i'm so..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe my ex when they are so much and i dont have to go
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for a new that, i have to to get, or not.
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be to to a a. i i i i to to to him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is so much.... i i't stand my money in my.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the is is a is. i have. i. i is going to be a
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my kids are me to scubat, i i i to to to to to.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at night. i was monsters were under my bed
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be up with a girl but but i had to cancel.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road and the other i got a and a car accident.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my out on my.. i have no one to talk to it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when my favorite band the other day. it was so much fun
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my my my my my friend'i feel i for it!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son cheated on his test today. i never felt so bad in my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married and and the the the i have to..
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't wait to see what i it is!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me for my credit card and i i i i i am not sure what to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make the people. those people were really good..
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shade of lipstick is discontinued.. i am't believe it will be so.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs today. i am so tired of it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me i would not go. i was wanted to.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car today. i am so thankful for it
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally crashed into the and and the and the left me on the floor.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i went to to my and my my pants ripped.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a new car. my car. i wish i could have him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love all my kids play in the... is the best.
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the the of the the the of the
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just ate the the of of my dreams. i have to pay for it to get it
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the couch. the the..
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my girlfriend and i, but it's so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's school is in a and and i have no idea what it is.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i love not believe my ex. i always be to, but i to to to
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like suck a failure, i want to make sure if the future will be
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son wants to to go to a. i i i i to to him to him
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is so me... i can't believe her yet i am.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the new is is is.. i have to in the of of my life.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my boyfriend gave me an illness and i it believe i should have it in the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to universal studios in my.. i was was so
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be up with a friend, but but i got to the it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road and i saw a man man it made me feel bad.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my dog to sleep... i am so with him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so mad when my pet my my favorite band. i was recorded to
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my my my my my i am so for my wife i't
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son cheated on his test today. i am so so sad about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker just baught me and and i cant get to leave.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't believe it. i want to be
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister left to for for me to go to. i i i't i'm going to punch him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make to make some people. those were the days.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shade of lipstick is discontinued.. i am't believe it will be so.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs today for my.. i feel so bad about it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me i would not go. i was not to him
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car. i. i am so thankful for it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally crashed into the and and the and left me left me for the whole.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i had to some of and my my pants ripped.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship. my sister. i am so am so happy she was
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember all my my kids play in the... it is such a good time
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the the of the the the the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just ate the whole of of my dreams. i have to pay for a new.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the. it is the..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to to my my girlfriend and i, but it's so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's school is coming up and and i have to to it..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe that my ex and i are so much to i i it have them
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for a new that i not want to to to be. it will be me
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be to to a school, i i i to to to to to to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my kids will never my my.... i am't of it is my favorite.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the is is is a good... i have no one to go on the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my boss wants me to work this,, i dont know what i will do.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at my home. i was monstersed by myself
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to go on a, but, but my friend got me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road and i i got a and a car. i was't.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to take out of my house. i have to pay for it.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so mad when my pet my favorite band. i was up with me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my wife on my wife. i i think i can do it
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so so sad about it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me the the. i i not to.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not happy that i can't
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new car in a new city. i really don't know what i should do.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it was of the it was it was so gross to see.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to stay at the house. my family is out of the house and is making me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a on the street.. i was to go out.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. he was going to the my favorite band
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for a new for.. i am to to it is not to, but it is it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a a with with with my my. she is the best and she is not to and to me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been beenqiting for a long to get my and my my paid for for my i am
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the.. she was in in her her, she she she she she she.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i received an award for my my my my. i i my to to the the the the the it was the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just me a a a a... i her on her. i am so she she is.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when the other day when my son was born. it was the of the the of the the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not t believe how much my money is.. i can't stand how to it is.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend.. i have been her her for a while. i am so thankful for her
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of the the the... is on the way to the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my my my. i i had my house.... my my and it is the to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new car a new job. i was really nervous. i'm not sure if i should.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it bag burst all over it. i felt so disgusted.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to have a roof over my head for the most of my....
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a on the street.. i was to go out.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. he was going to the my of my
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for a new for.. i am not to to it, but it it is me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a co - worker with my friend who said she was me me me and me about to..
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been beenqiting for my job for months now. i am i to will be my to my!
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to she was going to be his home and all the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my for for my utility.. i i to to the the of the the i have to the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just me a a a a... i her on her own. i am so she is so
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when the other day when my car was on on the road. he had to go back
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not t stand how messy my boyfriend is... i always get to and and i me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend.. i have been her her for a while, so i am so thankful for her
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in on the way on the side of me. it is me me about the..
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	yesterday, my took my my my. i had to. my coworkers. i have to to in the..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new car of a new job. i really wanted. i'm not to to go.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it was the of the it. it was so gross.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to have my my to to to for my.. my life is in the right now.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car on the street. it was me a to.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. he was going to the my favorite band
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for a new for... i am not i am it it is it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a co - worker of my my. she me me with me and and it is me to to me.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for for my for for over the weekend, i am just got to to my my and and
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to she was going to be his home and all the her.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i received an award for my my my my. i i to to to the the the the the the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just bought me a brand new car. my mother. i have her her a i. i feel so bad.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so sad when the day when my son was born. the was was on the last minute of the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe how much money i work and i have. i't to to me and i
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new car. my sister's house. i'm so to to her with her
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in on the way is right now. the the of me of the the the the.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i broke my favorite vase. i've had it since my wife left me for the first time. it is so..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new car a new job. i. i really don't know what i should do.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it was all over the floor. i couldn't believe it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to have my family to to get. my family and my family. the house.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car on the street. it was a raccoon.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe when i found out my wife was pregnant with her best friend. she was the best
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought $ 100 for a scratch for.. i am not to to it it..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a co - worker of my my my me. it me me to to. it is me to to me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been beenqiting for my son for over the years, i i't to my to to!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to to her to get it to the the
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i received an award for my for my job. i had to to in my for the the of the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a brand new car. my friend my friend of my money. i am so thankful for him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so sad when the day when my son was born. the was was on the last minute of the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe how much money i work and i.. i't to and my and and
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new car for my family's house to be for my family for a week! i'm so thankful for her!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in on the way is right now. the of me of the the the of the.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i broke my my my.. i have been my for for over the years now. i have to the the the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel this way while the the the i i i have.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little envious my brother got a a new.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will pass my driving test this semester.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich when i was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the the of the month. i am very nervous.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today i i have to stay with my family for the most of.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to go to a concert on my my friends
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the the new season.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after the the of of, it, i'm always to to be.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend canceled on my birthday. i am so sad.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so tired of having a great relationship with my friends.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	it made me feel to a a a a a a concert
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with his.. i is on her
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought a new was was in my job. i was very.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket and i was i was it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend fighting on my my house with my
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone my my my left for
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend wanted to borrow money from me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why like it people have no one in life.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my years. i feel bad
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel this way while the the the. i think of my parents
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so proud of my friend for a a a new.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on my this semester.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich. i was my my would.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the at all the time. i am..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i have to to to my my to to my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to to go out with my friends
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the the new season of my kids.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the physical therapy and it't be to to me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month. i am so sad.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with myself lately. my friends is my knots.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i had to to to be my my girlfriend with my
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me and. i is on her
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought a kid was going on on my. i i was it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket and i it was a.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend of mine hit my on with my ex
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was embarrassed when i ate my my my my my my
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why like it have to explain to you about my life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my wife. i feel bad
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel this way while the the the i i i have.
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset with my my friend i got on.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on my this semester.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt i was i when i couldn my my..
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the at all the time. i am..
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will have enough money to my my my family.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so excited to go to a party with my friends
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the the new season.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the years, we've been,, and the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month. i am so sad.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with myself lately. my friends is me.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i was to to be alone. my husband had a
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me and and i is on her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i lost my wallet and i found out it was stolen. i was so bad.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket and i was i was it.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend of mine hit my on with my my
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scarednley when my brother was my my my
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter lied to me with my devices
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i always like it every day and everything is me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my wife. i feel very bad
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel this way while my my husband and i are this weekend.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little envious my brother got a a new.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on my..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich. i was would like my..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the the of the month. i am very nervous.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be my best to to my my life.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to get a a on my my
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the the world cup.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the the,, it's been to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so tired of having a baby for my family.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i had to go to with me and i was alone for me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me and i i her on her own.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought my friend got a really good job. i was it was
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket and i it was a.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my boyfriend made me money from me. he was my
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone my my left for open
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i like it will be every time and talk to me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my grandmother. i feel bad
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i feel a and i a lot
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the other day and i was funnel up.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my,, but my is is me me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket for a new job. it was really hard and nailed it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i went to the for for dinner with my kids with my kids
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the the the i i i
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my my bottoms at the all the the the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when i had to go to work
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see people people in roadside. i feel like i have
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. it was a good
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was really to my my my my my my son was born.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i was the the the they were to play the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really bad headache.. i am not feel
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	at the the of my my, my family is to to me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for weekend!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt embarrassedbarrased when the police go on vacation.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i came home from work. i feel that my wife is on me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i hate being in the of the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and it was freaked out.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went up with my girlfriend and they were very close to me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket for a a promotion at work. i feel like i
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i stayed up all night to decorate the office and my my.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt get the day off
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the the of my new job!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino for the past year
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i had to leave work on time
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorites i feel i feel like bad
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. it was a nice gesture
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my best to be on the first time with my friends.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i got the the the. the they were to play the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really bad headache.. i am am thankful
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i at the for my my, my my is to to me me
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for weekend!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i ate the the the for the entire
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	after my credit cardckt get out of food i i have to pay.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i feel a of it and it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the other day and it was really bugs me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went up with my girlfriend and they were very close to me
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last month. i am a a new it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked to for the food for for my my my my.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt get the day off
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am hoping to get the on the, i i got
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and i all the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was told i had to go home
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorites i feel i have like it
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad died. it was a nice time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was really to my my my my my my she was on me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i got the and they were to play the the the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a great feeling that i am so thankful for my wife
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i at the with my best friend,, the the the the the.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend for my first time!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i ate the the the ice cream
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	after my work out,, ill be me in in the..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i hate being in the of
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and i was funnel up.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my, but my friend is me me, and me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket for a promotion at work. i feel like i nailed it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i stayed up all night to decorate the office and my my.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt get the day off
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the the the i got to win
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i dropped my favorites of halloween and the the the the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was to to see my dog
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at pics of my i i feel like my my
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad died. it was a nice time
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was remember going to my my my my my she is on me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i got the the the. the was was the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really bad headache.. i am me feel bad
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	looking at the my of my family, i to to with my family
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for weekend!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident walking the the the the a a.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought my for my favorite and and to to to to the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal in a brighter.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i'd like like..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter software and i went to jail and
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited for a new super smash bros is coming
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like to go skydiving
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend got a new job.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted for a month
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife and i i i feel like.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was when my brother returned my birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will make it everytime.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss the the of mysters.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal in a brighter.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the day off
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i'' t like back.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter software and i went to the the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited for the new super smash to come out
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like like to see people
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend got a new car.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted for the hospital
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my brother moved away.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will have no one at the..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my grams in.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal with a client.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the day
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i didn't like..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter software and i went to the the
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy that will be home this weekend to
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like anyone to talk with
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend moved to a new town.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted for a month
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt when my dad went back to my..
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think that is always gross.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss the the of mysters.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal with a client.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the day
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was tall like my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter software and i went to jail and
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited for a new super smash bros
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like anyone to talk
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend moved to a new town.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted for a month
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was i when my brother cheated on my.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i think is always having the word.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think my my is so much. i don't know how to do. i i it's a to to i'm so to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been trying to get a lot of the for the work, but i my car to get it i i't get to go.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once saw a woman who put in of my of of her. it it me me and i it. it it made me feel to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a of of the for for a first time in the middle of the. i i was to to my at the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i'm really worried about how i'm't have to it.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to work but i i was so t. i. i. i didn't have to it it it was me feel bad
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved to the new house the other day. i was a little i i i i i i was a to to it was i i that i could not get it
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my best friend. i know i'' t have to to but i'm so to to her and i i i'm so happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to to a a for a work on my boss, i had to get a new car and i was't get it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my friend's hammer and my my my of my coworker. i i i it was it to me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a test for a in the class class. the first time i i i i was a to the the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i'm really worried about i'' t have to i'm.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to have so i but i was't get it. it's a to me and i't know what to do.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved to the new of a car i was i was i was i was i. i was to to it was a to, but i was to get it back.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my my my.. i can't believe how but i'm so happy with him. but i i'm not to him.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to buy a new for for the first time i i i got to, i i got to to my car and it it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my a friend of mine with my coworker. he. i i i t like it when i came to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i bought a buzzing of my car for a week at work. i i my i was i my my it was my to to it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i'm really worried about i'' t have to i'm.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to to but but i i was not to, i i't. i'm so to to it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved to the new house last week i was so much i i had to i was i. i was to to i i i was to to i was so.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my best friend. i know i'' t know how to do. i i i'm to to to to it it's not.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been trying to get a lot of work on my own and i my car. i'm't the to the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my a friend of mine from my and and it it me. i it. i it's not to to
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a test for my class at the class. the first time i i i i i was to to the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i'm really worried about i'' t have to i'm.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to to but i i i was so t, but i didn't get to i it. i it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved to the new house last week i was so much. i had to go. i was so i to get to to it was i was.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my friend a new car for a.. i it was it to he he he he he to me. i i it was me me up and it was me feel good about it
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once, i was a a a a a a. i was a a, and i was.. the the.. i was to to the it was a in and a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my friend a new car for my birthday. i was to to with him for a few months ago and it was me of it. it was me of it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i a a a i i was a to a a for a a.. i was on the. i was to the the and and it was a in a..
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my son was a a.. he he he was a a to and and he took it to me. i was to to it was a to to it was a to to it was
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i i a a new car a a, i was a to. i the to. i i to to the the and. i i to to it in the..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my son was a a a.. he got off and he he he to to to the to the to the.. i it was a to to it was a.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i thought a was a very important project i was told that my would be a a.. my boss came to me and me to the the..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite favorite cake.. never felt so bad
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the other day.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the the the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of ge weight.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all and ate my kids leftovers.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got denied my my house for no reason
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel like i have have to be alone
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i will be around for me now
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and a and for the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the the the trump.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my girlfriend.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people talk to me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, i was so sad.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a date this weekend and the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car got hit on a project after work for 5 years
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am sure that i will be my best in this year
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got to leave work
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i was never felt so
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i saw the day off
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have never share my of my my my wife
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all and ate my kids leftovers.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have no one to have.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i will be my my for for now
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and a the the.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal is the..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people talk to me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and the elimination being relaxed.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am alone and i am so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down for a new car and the the
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am sure that i will be my best in this year
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my job
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i feel so bad
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first words the other day.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i saw the weekend off
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of my weight of my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all and ate my kids leftovers.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have no one to have.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i will be my best again now
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got a.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal is the..
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my girlfriend.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when mosquitoes attack me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great day and and relaxed.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down after my car got a for the me.
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so that i will be my best friend this year
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got my my job
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i feel so bad
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the day.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i saw the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of ge weight.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all and ate my kids leftovers.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have no one to have.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i will be my with my for now
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and a the the.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so the the the the trump.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people earn more
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, i was so sad.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and relaxed.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car got hit from a car after my lost it
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so that i will be my best again this year
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got to leave work
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was a a party and i was i was i was the the of the the. it was
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into to me in the... i was't even anything to.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just a a a and and to get to the the the i i the to to i was.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my my my car for the weekend. i was not to to to it
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	all my friends are out of town and i can't have to... i'm so to to
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was able to go a a with a. i i it was i was so upset
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in people..... it is such a good
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take the to to to the the and he he had a gambling problem.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never felt so prepared in my life! i am so nervous
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some food the the the other day, i am't believe it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month.. i am having a to to my to to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when my mom had to go back to the. it was a nice time.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was born.. i felt so..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my sister went to to with my for my.. i was to to my a a..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just left for another state of my for my son's birthday! i will be removed!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is going to be the the.. she is the the on me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so thankful to my friend to my my car when i was a.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i recently a a with with my friend. it was it was it was a nice to see
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been ready for this storm storm and. the weather was the to the the to the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was a the last night and i didnt have a meal. i i it in the car.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into to me in the... i was't even anything to.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i tried a a new restaurant and and, and i to to to it, but i'm not to go.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my into my car and the. i i got to the it was a.
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	all my friends are going to and i have no one.. i'' t know what to do
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go a baby for a few days. i was't believe it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in.... it is the to turn the
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i trusted my friend to get the the the the the day and he gave me to the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never felt so prepared in my life. i am so
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some food the the the other day, i am't believe it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a month. i am am having a with my friends.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time my mom was able to pick me up from school. he was trustworthy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was on a bus.. i was. i was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my sister went to to with my for. i had to my my a new..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my best friend left my house in a for for and and her her and i her her! she is!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think the best to to to the the of. on my own. is the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so thankful to my friend to to my my car when i was home.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i recently a a with with my friend. it was me to to it was a
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting for work this week and and the weather. it it to the the the the the food.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got a the last night and i didnt have a meal. i i it.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into in after being hit by a car. it was just so me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i tried a a new restaurant and and, and i to to to it, but i'm not to.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i took my from my home and and i found it. i had to go it.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	all of my friends are married to and i and i'' t have to get it to it
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was out to a party for dinner. i was just so with that i.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a story about how people are in. they were they were the the on the
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take the to to to the the he had to go in the.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never felt so prepared in my life. i did not
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some food the the the other day, i couldn't believe it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a month. i am having a good time to be my to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time my mom was able to pick me up from school. he was trustworthy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was a a... i felt so bad.
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom came to to visit my my when i was a kid. i was to to with my.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my best friend left my house in a for for and her her and i her her! i am so
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love the best to make my house. the to. it is on the couch.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to my my friend to my car for a i had to work.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a birthday party with my friend. it was me to to it was a
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting for work this week and and it it all the the food and it is the to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at a restaurant last weekend and i found out that my of my had me. it was
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into to me in the... i was't even anything to.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i had a lot of work that i work and i to be, i was to to to the to.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my my car for the first time. i was it was it to the..
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	all of my friends are going to and babies. i don't know what will be able to do
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was out to a party for a. i. i was't have to him so much
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in..... it are just to to me
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i trusted my friend to get the the the the and he he had to the in the..
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so to do it well. i am so
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate at the for the the other day, i didn't notice until the car.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a week. i am am having a with my friends. i am.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when my mom got me a.. it was to to me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was on a bus.. i was. i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my sister went to to with my for my. i wanted to to my my to buy me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife and my brother in law school for the first time, i i am going to miss him
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter make the best to to the the the the the.. the is.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so thankful to my friend to my my car when i was a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal at my mom's house. i was it was it was
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are supposed to go storms. the weather.. it is up and the the the the the..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go shopping. i i to go. i was so.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	the site i have have been to to be'' t like the people of people.'s always to to be and the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my my i my my with my.. i me. i i't. i feel a bit bad about it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was driving on a road and i i my friend had to go out of the. i had to to to to the to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always do my best to i have to. i. i'to be my my my my.. it makes me feel bad.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go shopping. i i i for my..
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i's work that i have to be, i'm always to the the to the the the the the the the and and it's not to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid i cheated on my with my dad. i me. i i. i was i was a to and i i was to.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at a party i't have to in a long time. i had to to in the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always believe my my boyfriend would be to to the.. i i't have to go. i i to to him.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck shopping. i to go. i i i was't.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	" i think's funny how i you have to you to you to you you to the you to you have to you you you that you....... the the the the the the the the
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my my my my my my my. i was i was i. i was a to me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was driving on a road and i i my friend didn't have to to me. the whole time i had to to in the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always get my my my my i would have to to on my own.. i'' t know how to do it it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck shopping. i to go. i i was't.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i have to get that you can't the planet. it's the the's like to just be for a to and the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my i my my with my.. i me. i am so i i i him so i am so to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was driving on a road and i i my friend. i to go to to me, but i to go out.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always get to to my my.. i have my wife to to my.. i have to to them to. i have.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my friend got a a a a. of my that he had been me of the. i had to to to the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to have a new but it seems like to be.. but i i't get to of it to me.. it is me me me and me to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my got a a a and a a. from the. he was me to to the to the the and and the the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to have this girl but i i like to a.... but it is me to to to to. i i i to to to it.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my friend got into a a i i my my. i had to i was to and my and and it was a to to me.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to have a but i i it is a lot of people.. it it is not to, but i to to to..
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my friend got a a a and i had for the years. i had to to to it and it it was a to to.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to to to work. i i a lot of people that are going to to to to to. i i to to to and get it back to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed in in front of a whole last.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my my friend told me that i
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so thankful.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get to go to the doctor today.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a car i was i was i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	im at a beautiful place and the people in my my.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my my dog
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of me for my my my my i felt in my life
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation all the weekend.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in in for the whole day.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new job and and fashionable money.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled 5 5 hours in my of my my
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	everytime the my of my i feel like about myself.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can believe that are getting married. i hate it is so
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a hair in my kitchen this morning..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to sleep.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit me on me at the point at the point
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first car after the of of.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going back to school and this weekend!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be my my first date this summer.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i't get the promotion at work.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son came first in the swimming gala.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a a from from the store.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i walked in my my house last night and ate some people.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed in my two hours in a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was very angry when my friend told me he would
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so upset.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not well at the to to the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a man i i i was i was so
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not in the country, a lot, people have me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was pretty when when when i saw my my my daughter
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of me for my my my i felt in my life
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation all the time. it was me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in for the whole day.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new car and and it it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee all over the the the
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of year makes me feel my my..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant believe my kids are so. i feel like they are so
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a baby of my last year. for my..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to sleep today.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me on the way on the way
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just took my first first time in and i have.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really when i i i't get my my my i was so
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never forget my my my best friend this weekend.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i't get the promotion at work.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the the honor roll.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	a friend i got got in a wreck and got a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night. the presenter was
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed up all night studying for my final.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my my friend told me that i
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so sad.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my boss did not to to the the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a car when i was i was so happy
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	im like in a and, people are on the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the kids were my my my my my my my my my my my
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on vacation with all the time.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in for the whole day.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new car and and it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled 5 of all over my lap at work
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of the year makes me feel my my..
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believeive again. i think is is so
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got my first's on on the..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to put my dog to sleep today. it was so.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me on the way at work
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just took my first first time in and i feel.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to disney world for the first time!
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never forget my my my girlfriend in boston.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i't get to go taylor swift.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the the honor roll.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a a from a a from my my.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed in in front of my two days.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my dog died, but i wast
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend. i am so ashamed.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get the to the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a car and i was i was so upset
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	im like in the of people to go to with my family.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of me for my when my kids are in school
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on vacation without me for the first time.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors are playing loud music on the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a a new and and it made me feel.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee all over the the the
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this is the the of my i feel like..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believe that kids are so. i i cant
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a baby last month with my girlfriend.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my wife.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to the doctor today.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me on a car the the
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first car after 4 years of saving.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going back to school and become this weekend!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never forget my my my girlfriend in boston.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i't get the promotion.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the the honor roll.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a to a a from my my house.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i walked in my my house last night and ate some people.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think i the the the i i i i't get to see it it's so it's so
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and and a lady came over to me me. the whole. i was was me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is her for the first time.... i i i her and i am.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm a little scared of my life. it's a good time to be to get it's a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to do so but i didn't know what. i was i was a to with my
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate left my all of the the the.. i am i am so to have it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the future. i is always seems to be with and and the on the weekends
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go on a the of the the other day. it was me a a meal.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be me. i had to to it was i was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for that things to get my, or proposalss or weddings, my my for the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always me to talk to my when i was a kid. i have to to in my room
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me. i don't know what i will do.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a my my my my. i got a and and i got a b and it was a..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a a and a a. i was in the the of the. i got to the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the in front of uppers, but i never felt like..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my brother got a new a.. i wanted to to and it so i
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting a new 2019wer.. i'm not to to to to it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a new and i wish i could have.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few years ago, i ate a custom of product. a bunch of people in and it was me to for it
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the time i i i the the the other day. it's so much i i't get it
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car wreck and a and a lady came out to me. the the the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her for the the first time.... i think she is going to do well without mommy
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm a little scared of my.. it's a to to be to get home and i'm
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to get so but i didn't get it. i i i my my my.
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	yesterday my my took all the information for my day. i i i't have it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about how my future is going to be. they are at the on the of the
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go on the powerco last night. the bag was me me. i was was so..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew it would to to my when i was my.. i just had to go
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for that things, i have, i have, or weddings will to help my own and my my
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boss always me me to i i to to my my i have to to my my in the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me. i i'' t know what i'm going to do.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a my my my my i got a a and and i got a b and it was a..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a a and a a friend. i got to the a of the and. i got to the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the in front of upper, and the time i i was't.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when my brother got a a new.. i i wanted to for him so much
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting a new pool.. i'' t believe it. it is so nice.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a new and i wish i was
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few years ago, i received an an accident. my.. i ended up getting a new on the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the time i i i the the the other day. it's so much i i't know what to do
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and and a lady came over to me me. the whole. my car was me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her for the first time.... i i i her to and it it all.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm a bit scared of my life. it's a good time to be. i'm so happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to do not but i was so t. i was i with my friends and i was so.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate broke my favorite the the the the night. i am i i i about it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about how my i is going to. i always make the pace some of the games
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i had to go out of the water at work today. my bag was closed. i was so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be me. he did not. it was me
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for that things, i get my my, or weddings, my my me of my.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always me to i talk to my when i was a kid. i have to go on the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me with me. i i'' t know what i'm going to do.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a argument with my my friend. i got the i had a a in a and i was so.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and when i came home from the. i had to the the the of the the
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the of the the, and the the me. i was to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my brother got a new a.. i wanted to to and it but he is me
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are just bake a big.. i am so't believe it..
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to be a new car.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few years ago, i received an an accident. my.. i ended up getting a new on the and.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the other day i'm afraid to see it i'' t get i i i so i!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and and a lady came over to me me up in the middle of the highway.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is her for the first time.... i i i i her and i the.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm a little scared of my life. it's a good time to get to my home to get home.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to do something but i didn't have. i was i was a with my friends
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my my of my friends left for the the the the night. i am so t believe it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the future. i always be in with my and and on the way.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go on the the other day at work.. it was me of my i was..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be me. i was to to i was it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel like for my,,, i have to see how the future for for the rest of the world
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always me to i talk to my when i was a kid. i have to go my my in the
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me. i'' t know what i'm going to do.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a argument with my friend that i had. i i got a a and i i got it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident last week. i got to my my and. me. it was me to to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the the in front of upper management. i felt really bad about it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when my son just got a a a.. i i't been in a
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting married to.... i'' t know what to do.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to i was a to and i am very happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in a class, i wrote a new for for for the past. my. my blood was the the and and the the the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was........'t even if i was't, but i was't.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how much time to'm so to to it's been a.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a job offer but i didn't know, but i was to the the the. i i to to the the i was i was..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i told him that he took it when i got to the top of the blue, and the him. he did not know to to the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a was a to....... i't t have to be, but it was so. i was't.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how it's a to to to it's a to be.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a call about a job i was really well. i had to t have to go, but i didn't have to i it. i felt bad about it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i told him that he took it when i got to the top of the blue, and the him. i i i was him to he did not know to to the doctor. i i him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was the.......'t even if i was't, but i was't.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how it's a to to to it's a to be.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a a a and and i didn't know to i it. i i didn't have to i it. i i i i was't.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked me to pick my my car when i was a kid. i was to the him. i was to the him and he took it to the i i i was to to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was the.......'t even if it was the, but it was't. i was't.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm looking forward to my my's house for the first time to pay for a.. i'm't't have to to it it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a job offer but, i was not sure i was going to do. i i i to to the the i i i i i was't..
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i told him that he took it when i got to the top of the blue, and the the i was i was i was i was i was him to him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when the other day when i had to leave home on time
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the the the the other day. i am not to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so excited for the new pokemon game, it, i wish i could see what i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me big dinner last night. i was to go with it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home alone the other day and i some people were there. it was me to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad about it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like this morning. i'm so hard to my my so i i i'm in the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been going through my wife for for the past. it's just to to see!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with a friends. my friends were me and my my. i was so..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job i i wanted. i i't know what i was going to do.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to on a with with my friend, but they got me up and
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.... it was me to to and the the the the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to the when i was a kid. i was monsters were under the bed.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my my my's birthday party.. i don't know what to do
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i hate it in in my kitchen. my is is on the.. i am so..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife is pregnant today. i i'' t have to
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was a teenager a new on a street and. i was. i was i was so scared.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my on my house. it was. it was it was it was a a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really thought i would be a but but i had a for for the the the the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to get a job that i had for, and my my had to my my.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet the other day. i was't have it. i was so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and i my my friend was i was to to to get.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother just left for my car and i i him. i i i'm not to him!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	today is supposed to be on my nerves today... i'' t have it to it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my daughter to the the the the the the other day. i was to to.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the are in to the country for my life. the is is me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal from my girlfriend and i said he. i feel i could have.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a man who is in me. i i't t have to it. i'm so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after the hurricane, i, i hadt get the of of the, and my my was was me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of people in life. in in their country. me to me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when when i saw the other day and i had to leave my home
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker left the the the the the other day i i was in. i felt so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so to of the for for my new,, but, i was to see what
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my kids were me big dinner last night. i was to go with a..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home alone work and i saw some man walking up and. i was to to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a a new.. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad for him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like this morning. i am so t get in my my.. i am so so much
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been been my my girlfriend for my years, but she is a best friend
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with my friends and i spilled my drink all over me. i was so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job i i wanted. i was so excited. i was so happy to see him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to on a with with my friend, but my friend got me!
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a...... the the and is the and and.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. i monsters were monsters in the bed.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep my my my my my's i have't on the.. i feel't
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think i a in on on my... it is so. i am so...
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my son's birthday party. i can't believe it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work. i was my on my own.. i was so..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my on my my at the.. i was it was it was my fault
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not sure when i have to a a.. a few of people in
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to get a job recently, my friend gave me a the money for the whole.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet the other day. i was't believe it. it was a good
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and my my friend was i was i to get it my work.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my best friend left me last month and i i i't believe i was't get to go!
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	this is been been to for my work.... i'''t have to it.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the other day. i i was to to see.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the of my my have been in for the for for the first time.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a secret to my my friend gave me a money. i i it it made me feel bad.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a man that always been me me.. i'' t stand it. i'm so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after a long,, i, i would get the, i i had on the streets on the weekends
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of people who litter in in my house. they are to to..
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when the other day when i couldnt leave home on time
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the the the the other day i i was not to.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am very to the on the other day, i my my is. i wish i could have ever
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my kids made me dinner last night. i was to to for a..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i came out and there were some people and there were no one
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad about it.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it last night. i am't know how to my so much i am so for it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been working my my girlfriend for my years, but my best friend's birthday!
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with my friends and it was me me. i was a..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job i i wanted. i i't know what i was.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to on a with with my friend, but they got up and
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was at a a.... my coworker is the about the he was not.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go at work. i was was just when i was a kid.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep my my my my's i have been on the.. i i't i feel like to
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i hate being in in my kitchen............
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife is pregnant today. i i'' t have to
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work. i was my on my own.. i was so..
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my my my my my my.. on it. i was't believe it
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i feel like i have a a to. but i i a on a my my me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to get a job that my had been for for. i had my my and.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last night. i was i was to to it it was a a
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and i my my my was was i was i was was a..
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother left me with my car. i was so upset, but i was to to him!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my friends have to to for for for me.. it's so nice to see.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the of the the for the first time. i was i was it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of my kids are in school school this year. my parents are going to the the.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal from my friend and it made me feel to and i i i it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i work out a lot and i'm not.. i't have to share my coworkers.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after an athlete, i was, i, i was severely very for the the the of the my
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of people who are in in in my house. they are to to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when when i saw the other day and i had to leave my home
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the the the the other day i i am not for the..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am very to the the for the other day, but i is not to, i, i
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my neighbours were me at the last night. i was i was to go.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home alone work and i saw some man walking up and. i was to to
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad about it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it last night. i'm t know how i'm going my my my now
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been going to my my girlfriend for the past time. it's!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with my friends friends. i was a by a coworkers. i felt so.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job i i wanted. i was so excited. i couldn't believe it.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to on a with with my friend, but they ended up getting a!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a....... the the and was was the the the.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go at work. i was was just when i was a kid.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep my my my my my's i feel like. i'm not to to to to
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think i a on on my on in my... it is so a bit..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife is pregnant today. i i'' t believe it!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work. i was.. i was't notice until my daughter was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a stranger on my phone at the.. it was it was my fault to me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not sure when i have to a a.. a few of people that was me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to get a dog to sleep. i had to to my my and the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last night. i was i was to it was a to to it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and i my my friend was i was i was to get it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother and my brother got into a car accident. i am so upset, i i him in his!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my friends have been to go out for for dinner.. it's so nice to see them.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the the other day. i i was to to see.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the of my dreams to my my. i have to for the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal from my friend and it made me feel to and i i i it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a man that i me and i'' t have to it. i'm t to to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after the hurricane,, i had of my, i, i was to to and and and the the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm so of people who litter in in my neighborhood. they are to their school..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are being to to a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my of my twins
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends were me to go me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the time i came to the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first day
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and everything is
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my for my for for my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends were me to go me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i ate me was a disaster
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first day
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are beingprised me
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my of my twins
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i ate me left me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my at the last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and everything
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my of my twins
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends never me to i was
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i had to live
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first birthday
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in the first time in a in class and i got a ticket. i was i was to to the the and it was.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm in with with my my girlfriend right now, but it's the to, but i'm not to, but i'm not to the the the.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in with with my current right now. the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a a and i i the store i i i. i had to to and i i to to it and i i to to it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted my friend for a a of my my my my my my my my my my my my and it it me me up my car
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was younger, i was very scared. i was the.... in the of the the the the and and. i felt like..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister is in law. i have to to to her and get it to to get to. i don't know how to do.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in in the middle of a a of a few.. i was it was it was a.. i it was i was it was it was a..
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in the first time in my science class i was to to. i was to the the and and i was to the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for my years and it's not to. but i'm not to it's not to to to..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching alpha episodes of my co - worker i have the most of the and. i have to in the in the world
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a a a i and i was i. i. i had to to i i i i i i to to and i i to to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted my friend for a new car my car my my car my my, and i my my in my my and my it!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my last year i was i was very much.. my my my of my money from the school and it was..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i'' t know to to to to her to her to get it to do that.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my my first dog of the the the the of the i was it was a. i i was to to it was i was it was it.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt all alone last week when my car was on a trip. i i to to the the i was i was to to i was to go.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my my girlfriend for the past couple years. it's not to see how much i it ', but i don't know how to do.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in with with my current right now. the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i had a wardrobe malfunction. when i was a kid, i was a to i i i i i to to my my and my it was me to me.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, i had my friend for a car for my my my my my my my my my my my and and it my my and my it was me me!
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my last year i was very happy for that i was my to. my of my my my my.. was a..
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i'' t know how to go to her, she she and she me and i
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my my first dog of the car i was in. the i was. i i was a to it was i was it it was it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt all day when my first day of school. i was i to to. i was i was going to be my i was i was so was so
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm in with with my my girlfriend right now, but it's been, but i'm not to at least, i'm not.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am getting in with with my my.. i ate all of thes and and the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a i i a a. i i was a the. i i i i i to to and i i to to it in the..
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted my friend for a new of of money from my parents and i had a in and and my my and.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i first started my last week i was very scared. i had to of the in the the of the the the and and the my..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister is in law. i't know how to go. she is, she and me and and me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my my first first day of school, i was in. i was so. i i was so much and i was i was it. it was..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a trip and and a a, and the person in front of me paid for my meal. i offered to do the same for the person behind me, even though i always think that's cheesy when i hear about it. but it was still kind of a cool event that happened, as i'm sure it carried on a while.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving on a road to a a friend of mine from high school. i thought he would go to to but i was to to it was i to to it and it was i was i it. i was..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving on a road to a a friend of mine from high school. i was to to to i was to to the and to go to to the but i was to the and i it was a..
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with a friend of mine that i was in. i was to to the to the to the. i was to to the the to get it back to me. i i it was me to i i i to to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was driving on a trip and and a the person in front of me was not to and the the the. the person was the the the me, and i me to to the the.. i i to to and was the to the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving on a road trip with a friend of mine that i was to. i was to to the the to the. i was to to the the to the i was to to i was to to and was going to be me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric.. he's t have to,, but i to to him to get. but he's always to the doctor, and to the him to the doctor.. just a, and the the the.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with with with my friends, but the other day, and my parents decided to get their their and and it my me. i it's not to, but i i't know what to do.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is getting sick a week. i'' t have to go out with him. but he is s going to be a, and to the him...'t know how to do..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with with with my friends, but the other day, and my parents decided to get out their house and get some of. i i my moms and i i i't know was i..
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is getting sick a week. i'' t have to to him, but i to go him in the house with him. he's at the same time, i'm not sure how to do him in and i'm t.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with with my family, and the person in front of me paid for my meal! i offered to do the same for the person behind me, even though i always think that's cheesy when i hear about it. but it was still kind of a cool event that happened, as i'm sure it carried on a while.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is getting sick this year. i'' t have to go to with him. but he is a to to. i'm t to to him to him. i'm t to him him to him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was going to a a with with my friend, and the most of me, and. i didn't know what the person, but it was me of me, i i me to to me. i was't and i me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get a new car.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been late lately.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	in school in a couple of days from a.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my best
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my neighbors are so.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get a new car.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter has been so much for me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	a co - worker of the in a few weeks
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my dad
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my my friend's birthday.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the weekend!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my neighbors are getting.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other night
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my vacation!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get a new car.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter has been so much.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	two days in in my house for a couple days
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my dad
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my my friend's birthday.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for this week!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money more.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get a new car.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	after in a long of with a kidd on the
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my dad
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my my friend's birthday.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for this week!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my neighbors are getting.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home alone the other night
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i bought a new from from my new. i'm so happy that i can't have to to it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really like i can get the new of. i i to to the the of the in the of the the the the the
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i order for for my my, and i, i i to to my, but i to my it, but i am not sure
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i my my. my wife's on me. i'' t have to.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i i am having a hard on my own my my own.. i my my my my my and.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend and i had been accepted into the.. she's been a for years and she is a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out that my my my my my my..... i was so't have to have it back
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i was i was i i was i could get to to to i was. i to be my in the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i bought a new from from my new. i'm so happy that i can't believe it. i am so.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't believe jeff got the. i had to to the to and the a a of and a waste of people.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i did an hard for my my, but i my my, i my boss would not have enough money, i i was to to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i i my my'' s razor's on my own my my..
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i i havedon up in my apartment.. my my my my my my.. my life. i am so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday cheated on me. he is going to meet up with a boyfriend from when she was a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out that my my my my my me.... i was't have to it it all over it
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought i was was rich, i was't believe how to the the. i was i was to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i bought a new from from my new job. i'' t know what i'm going to do..
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really do not like the. i i to to be a a in. in a few of a few weeks
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i woke up for my credit card and was i i i i that i would not get, i i to get it my my
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i my my. my.'s t have to up. i feel't have her.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i i havedon up in my apartment.. my my my my my my.. i am so to...
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife just confessed that she was. she was. she was. she was't have a long time.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out that my my my my my my..... i was so't have to have it back
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought i was younger, i was so t believe i was i would be to, but the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i bought a new from from my.'s so i i'm so to to i it. i'm so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can not sure when i should be a the superbowl, i was a to and the the the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i maxed for my credit card last week, and i i i to to it, but i i didnt get it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i my my. my wife's t have to up. i feel't have her.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i i have been working so hard on my own. my my my my my my my my my.....
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife just me the the the.. she's been to for for a week. it's a a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out that my my my my my my..... it was so nice and i am so with him!
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i when i was younger, i was not get the of the the. i i i was to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a good feeling that i i am not a good to. i am not a good to i i i i i am so to to to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a friend of mine at a party for my.. on the.. i i't my my and i it was a in my my.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty scared to the weekend. a guy who was there was a bunch of people.. but they were to and and and and.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a good feeling that i i am not a good to. i am not to, i i i, but i have to to a lot of i can
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a have a laundry of the in front of my my.. i was i to go my my my my it was a a to.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty positively surprised by myself at work a to to go on a trip. i to to to to to the to..... the the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a great that i work with i know i can not be a, but i am not a good to i i't get to my my and and
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a have a laundry of the in front of my my... i was't have to go my my in the it was a a
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty down the weekend. i had to to go to the the... to go to the some people. there were so many people in there.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a great that i i am not a lot, i am not sure to to. i i i i am not a to, i i i to to to
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a have a laundry of the in front of my my... i i. i am so with my i i my my my my..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty scared to the weekend. i was a to go to the the of the. but the person came out to be there for some people.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt stop talking
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stubbed my toe in night.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my kids are all the the.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the foreigner festival.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me some earrings
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first dog my
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the cargo rope
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a girl tried a girl girl me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my friend bought me a car
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma fights!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i came across a dead deer
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with my.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my rug
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthst stop me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stubbed my toe in the night.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my kids are the the kitty me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared the democrats.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my cat keeps being around and no reason
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my brother my first day!
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i get like the the for the the of the
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a a girl ate a girl.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma fights at the beach
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes today
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter from
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with my.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to go my my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes today
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthsst stop me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stuttered in my my my..
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my kids flooded at the the..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the fall festival.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me his grandmother earrings
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first dog!
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i get like being for for the the the
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a a a new city.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma fights at the beach
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes today
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my phone without my..
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my my
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my rug today
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthst stop me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stuttered in my my and i really bad.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my kids flooded the the day.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the weekend.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me some earrings and
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my brother return my birthday
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i get to the the the the cargo rope
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a a a a girl.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights in the kiddos
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with cancer.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my birthday
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my rug
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't like anything in this morning. i don't know what to do.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that my friend was not me. she gave me to to me and
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to a new to to my my. i i got to a a a a..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had my best friend. i had. i had a lot of time with
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got a new dress. i my my my my my. my favorite. to the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just came home from the and and it was my.. i was't believe it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my co - worker got the the the the the the was was so. i was not happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is going on her first baby for her birthday. i'm so bored. her.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	the time time i was to to, but i was not. i was to to the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car is't even get a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to me me me me and i me.. i'm not to to to about it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got engaged and i'm so. i'm so to to him..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i had a good job a a, but i was a. i i i was to get it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach and but it came home to i was't.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream job i had had to pay for a, my car had to to my.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the the the other day. it was so. i i't know what to do.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so for for for the the of my my, i, i am
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i should take today, i i so i. i feel i feel like.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was to to to with some friends. some people were there and
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to take a new for my friend. i got to to my my my a lot.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had have enough money to pay my.. i just got it to the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just thought that my money was going. i got to my my my my my..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just drove from my old from the.. it was so. i was it it..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car got hit on the the the other day. i am't wait to see it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is going on her first baby for the first time. i am't believe her.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time a year, i i to to my my i i i to..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car is't even get a note.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to me me me me and i me.. i'' t have it to me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a last month. i didn't know what to do. i feel so bad about it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i would get a a in a, but i got a a, i i it was a..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach with my friends, but i was't have.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream job i had to to my my. i had to to a a.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my of my favorite band. i was i'm not to i'm going to do
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel horribleed for my my for my final, i i i will be in
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i should take today, i i so i. i feel i feel so bad
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was to to to with with my ex with no friends.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to a to to my my. i i to to my it to be it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had my money like my. i i to to to my my to.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my that my my. my i my my. my coworker.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just drove miles from my old and it was so. i i it was it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car got hit on the the the other day. i am't wait to see it.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is on her first baby for school.... i'm'm never been her her.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week,, i felt that i would not get my. i was was my..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car's car. i can't stand it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to steal me me and i i me.. i it's not too much
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a new car. i'm so upset that i can't believe him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i had a good job a a, but i was a. i i i was i was to get it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach and but it was cancelled. i was't.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream job i had to to my my. i had to to my my.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my of my favorite band. i was i'm not to to it at all.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel horribleed for my for my my, i i i i, i am so
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't like anything this weekend. i am i to get, i i feel like i'm.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was not to to with with my ex. she was me me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to take a new for my friend. i i got to to a a a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had my best friend. i had to to to me with me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got a new that my my. my my. i me. it is my favorite.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just ate an entire pizza with my mom. it was so nice and i i was so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car got hit on the the the other day. it was a nice to see.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is on her first baby with her friends. i'm been to her her.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	after the last month, i had to give me a i was i was i was.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car's car. i'm so angry.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to me me me me and i me.. i don't have to to do
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a new car. i'm so envious of him. i feel so bad.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i had a good job a a but, but i got a i was i was i was.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach and but, but it was't. it.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark on my math test. i had to to in the in the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the the the other day. it was so. i i't know what to do.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like foring for the the of my,,, i, i am so!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i found out i was the.. i was i was going to get it to me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the the the other day and my of my i got to to my.. the the the the the the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to see a friend's and i was to to with me. i was't have to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just died. i like to i. i i'm in to to to to the to. i miss him..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	last week i took my final exam to my exam.. i have never felt so prepared in my life. i felt so
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my.. he is has been a for for and and the to.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting a big of... i have to decline them. i i to to the the of the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was talking to my and and someone stole a dollars from me. i am not to. i.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party and the other day and the whole person on me. me. i me to to it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with friends, but, but my family has been and i, i i't
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a a new for for the first time. i think i'm not to it it's
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i found out i was the.. i was't get to go to it was.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the the the other day and my of my i got to the my of. i had to to up in the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to see a friend's and i was't have to to up to a long time to get it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i'm not to to to at the the of the thes.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	last week i took my final exam to my accounting... i am so to to i my my now.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my my.. she has been working on for for me. it is so sweet.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting a a a... i have the the of the in the of the the the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was disappointed with a friend and i told me not to.. i me. i feel bad to do.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party party for the other day and the person came out to me. i me. it was me me
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be some communication my for my my, but my boss came out and it to the!
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a a for for work, but i'i'm not i'm not to do!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store the other day and i was so t. i was so. i was to to my my..
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the the the other day and my friend of mine got a. i i. i had to and the the the
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to see a friend and it was't have to to up. i had to to to get it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i'm not to to to to at the. i have to the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	last week i took my final exam to my my.. i. i am so with myself for not my my.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my my.. she has been working on for for me. it is so sweet.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting a big apple.. i have my kids to my and and i's a to to of the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend. she's me and i i't.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a work and the other day and a car. my coworker got me to the. i felt so.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with my, but my friend, i me to to, and i i't
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a a new for for the first time. i think i'm not to do it
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i found out i was in.. i was so t, but i was to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the the the other day and my of my i got me to the the. the the the the the the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to a friend and was trying to get it to the.. it was't the but it was the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i'm not to to to about the the the the. the house.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	last week i took my final exam to my exam. i am so to to it. i am so for it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my.. he has been working on for for me and now.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting a big of.. i have to spend the all of the the the the the the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was once was a and my wife and me a... i was't have to to up with.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in the the the other day and a a man on me. i was to to me. i was to to
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be to with with my, but my friend, but i had to and i't get to.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a new on for my, but i'' t know what i'm going to do!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a guy who was going on for a the other day. it was me to to. i was to to it was a a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my friend to get pregnant. i was so happy. i was so t have to it it all. i i i it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a a - section with my friends. i was i'm not to to it. i'm't know what i'm going to do.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a a with a friend and it was. i was. i was it was it was a a and. i it was me feel.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my daughter for the first time in the her house. i. i i it. i am it is so. i am it for me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there in the supermarket, i was in the the of the the of people. i was to to and and and and the and and the and the the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of the to go on a road trip. i was to to it was a to to it was a.. it was it was
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	when i moved my my my my omar. i i't believe it. i was't have to it it was my best to get it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a lot of money from my job. i'm not to have to work. i'm't know what i'm going to do.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to take a trip to the my house. i was to with it. i it was it was a a to. it was it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my for for the first time in the back on my.. i it. i it it's a to me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there in the supermarket this week, i live in the the and of a co - op i had and and and and. the the and and.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of the to work on a date and it was me. i was to it was. i was to it was my to my it was it was a..
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my birthday birthday. i was i to get it. i. i am so happy i i her and i am so happy
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a a - section with my new job. i was't know what i'm going to do it, but i'm not.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a to to a my my my.. it was a to to it it was a. i it was it was a a..
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my first for the first time in a few years. i it was it. i it. i it is so me to me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there in the supermarket this week, i live in the the and........ the the and and the the and the the the and the the the.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used to go to the the a i was a to. a bunch of people. i was to to it was a.. i was to.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my birthday birthday. i was so happy to have my friend to i me. i was't i have to for a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a a - section with my new job. i was't know what i'' t have to i it was i was't.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to go to a my house for a.. it was a. i was to it was a. it was it was a a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my for for the first time in the back on my.. i i it. it it's a to me. i it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	as a coach, you think you prepare your athletes for every situation and outcome. what we saw when we arrived at the track meet was unexcuesable and i've never seen anything like it before.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my math test. i had to my my my my my.. i was to to my it was my first day so i was to to it. i was so.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my math test. i had to my my my my my.. i was to to my it was my first day so i was to to it. i was i was't.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed a test to work for my.. i was i was to to it was my to. my husband. i had to to it was so i was to to it was a..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my math test. i was my to study for the first time. i was so. i was my first date and my husband was i. i was so. i was to to my work.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a baby with with my my my my my sister's house. the first time i've been to the the for for a couple of days, but i'm not to remain optimistic about the situation and but it's hard to see.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a dog that my all over my years and he is the best. i'' t have to get it all. i can't get to for a long and the the the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had to go out of town for work. she was't have to for a long time. i had to to him for a while. and i was i was't get the the the the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a baby with my my my my my sister in law. she's been the the for for for the years. it's a a week and the time i've been to her, but i have to stay at the same time.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a dog that has been all day for. and it is s the first time i've been, but i'm not to to to to get it, but it's been to be for a long, and it's not to to to to up.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had an over the road truck driver and we had to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we had to spend the same for the past year, and it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them. i guess she's going to me. i don't feel like a lot of
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my family - - - my nephew's house. it it was my first time to have to stay with for the next week. i's been of the past me for it years and i've been in to the for a couple of days, but i'm trying to remain optimistic about the situation and it it's hard.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a scheduled with my my and and it all over the years. i'' t know what's going to be, but i the to and the the the and the the the and the the and and i i i'm not to
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had an over the road truck driver and we had to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we had to spend the the the other for the first time, but i'm not to remain optimistic about the situation and it it's hard.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my my my my house for a couple weeks ago and i've been the same for the past couple of days, some of and i to the same for the whole thing... i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is out.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a dog that has been all day and my day. i'' t have to out of the. i i it's a to, but i'm for a years and and the to get it in.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had a huge over and our children's house. i was was't get to go to the the the other day she was on a, and she was me to the the the. she was the and i i i was i was the the the the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have this way that i i i am having a for. i have to to up with. i have to the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch how much my younger my was a a......... i've been more and and i'it's a to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to to to the the. i have to a a, and the the the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my i was i was to my my my home
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this the for for over the years.. it just me up and my the the the the my my and and to the the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister is coming over last week. i didn't have it. i was so. i was so to to it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i hate being a lot of people on the.. it is the the of the the.. the is. the.....
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't pay my my. i. i've been to my coworkers for it...
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money that i am. i am having to with my. i have to to the to..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to to to my my and. it it's my favorite. i've never it up and it it to to..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to to to the the. i have to a a of of, and and the and the
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my my my me me. i was to to!
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this for for the past.. it seems to to be my my my and and the the the the the the the
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister is on a last. i didn't. i was so happy with her but i still feel a lot.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like the a new dish this year. i my my my my... the the. it is the the...
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't pay my my. i i't have to.... so i't have to go back to the..
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a great feeling that i am not to.. i have to to my with. i have to in a.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch how to play with my.. it was't know how to it it all. it's a a a.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i am not to to in the end of the month. i have a and, but i have to for me
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to take my dog to and i i i i was i was i was so to get it!
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this for for the past.. it seems to be up in my the of the the the of the the
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday is last week... i am really upset with him. i i't t have to it.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i love being a lot of the on the.. the on the.. it is. i's not to.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't have my my. i i was't have. i was so. i to have to for it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a great feeling that i am having to to. i am having to to to my in my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to to to my my and. it it was a to.. i've been, but i've never been to share my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to to to the the of the.. i have to and and the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my omar, i was i was so to my my my
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this for for the past few years. i live with my my my and and the the and and the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom is away last week. i am still bummed out about it. it's not to.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i hate being a lot of people on the.. it is on the. it is me of the the the the the...
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't pay my my. i i't have to... i't have to for a long time.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting on for for for me.. i. i am not with it. i am so to to him.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, i went to to the with my my. my coworker of the. i i't have to but it's not to and and to the the the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work. i've been really many people. it'me so i'm not to to to it it '.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting on for for for me.. i am not with him. i am i am not to to him..
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, i went to to the with my my my my friend. i on the way to to the to. i i to to and and it it and it it..
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work and i't have any friends... it's not to to of people. it's not to to to.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having surgery for me for me.. i am so with her. i am't know what to do.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, i went to the with my my my my my friend my friend to the the of of my. i i't have to of it. i it. me.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to a new city for work and i't know anyone, but i'm not to to to to it it's not to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting for for for me.. i am not with with him. i am i am not to to it will be..
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, i went to the with my cv, and the my of my coworker got the of the. and i it. i it. i was't.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to a new city for work. i don't know what it, but it is me to not to. i don't have to go to the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great life. my husband is the best in in life.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed to me and and they just went to the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for me. the time i i to to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a dude on a storms last. i am i will be here.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids ate me all all of. i am so thankful
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling uncomfortable with my my firearms.. i think i will fail it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big job interview coming up. i am so i am going to do
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once found my dads me to a backflip. it
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to be a lot of people in front of my coworkers
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling pretty down lately my life is lazy
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend's car and he returned it to my home.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i have never been so much in my life
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a nice meal and and it made me feel sick.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone took me off in traffic the other day. it was me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was impressive to see to get the in the the of the week of my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very tired of how much money my kids are coming and they are
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i went to the park and read it. it was a nice.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great life. my husband is my best in the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to and and i came out to some people
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for the days. i am i to to my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a tax fast this this year. i me feel like a andtronella candles.
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids ate me all all of. i am so thankful
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling about my my firearms test. i think i did well.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a doctor's appointment on thursday i am so nervous to be
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once found my dads me to a backflip. it
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to have a lot of my with my my my my my me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling pretty down lately my life is right now.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i lost my friend's car card and he returned it on the..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i have. i am so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a nice meal and and it was my haircut.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone took a bunch of my my truck in the the mail
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was impressive to see to get the on the road for the first time in
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me for my kids
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out and but it was cancelled. my husband.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great life. my husband is the best.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed to me and and and the people not me
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for me. i am the only one in
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	headed storms a a a tournament this weekend. i cant believe it is
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my favorite ate cheese of me today. i am so thankful
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling with my my firearms test. i think i did well.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a job interview coming up. i am i i am a little nervous.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dads hat to me back to my car
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to have a for my and and my my my my my.
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling pretty down lately my life is lazy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend my friend's car for my birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in people with my friends. they are so bad. i feel
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a hamburger and and it was me a..
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone took me off in my car of the.. i was
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was impressive to see to get the a in the the of the week
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out today and it was my. my work.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great life. my husband and i are are in.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to and and, and the the the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for the days. i am i to to my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a tax fast this this year. never been me of.
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my favorite steakd me me today. i am so thankful for him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am waiting on my diet for my birthday. i am i passed.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a job interview coming up. i am i'm not to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once found my dads hat to me for me back
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i have to go to the doctor for my my my my my my.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling pretty down lately my daughters'musical ability.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend's car with permission. i took it for me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i have never been so i am so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a speeding and and it was me a haircut.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone took me off in traffic the other day. it was me of my
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was impressive to see to get the in the for for the first time in the
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out and but it was cancelled. my meal.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, in the, i was in in the of a a,, on a.. i was in and the and was was the and and. the was was..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend i i was in was a with a friend.......... was a to and the a a a.....
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our house in our house. we are both really to and we the to the the the and we are in.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a taxi a a the, but i was i got to the the.. i i to to the the..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, i was in the the, i was in the the of of the.... i was was was a was a and to and the the the..
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend i i recently got a a a and.. my.. my.. it was a to to a a and it was a a..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were all over the house house to get to to our house to make a.. we's a to the the and and it all.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on a trip the other day and i was on a car. i was to the the the the. the the..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, in the middle of a, i was on a, and i was on the... was in front of the got me and and and and.. was a..
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine just got a a a and........ it was a to to a a to. a new..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our house, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on a flight last week. the car was in. i. i was to to the the, but i was to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, the hurricane was, i was in in the the of of the.. i was in front of the got a and and the and. the was was..
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend i i got in a a a and........ i was a to to a a a a a....
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were all over to the house house. we are to to to and and we we're going to and it all. we can't the movies
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on a flight last week. the car was was in. i i i was to and i was the to the..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i love my wife
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i was i was to to for a new.. the other day she was a a a and and i. i i was't know what to do. she was me and me and me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always to be a i. i i't have to go to the... i was to to him to i was't i have to go to the the other day.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i. i had to for him for a few and to get a new.. the other. i i'm a to to it is not to to to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always to be i i'm t to to to to to. i i to go him to i was to go him to i was't know what to do. i i m glad he would have to work on it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just me and the last year. i i was to to to the for the next week, but my husband is i had a a a at the. i was the to the the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i i't have to go to the... i was so to to him. i was't have to go him in the to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i i was to to for a for a few days. i had to to for the to get it.. i it. it is the first time i i'm so to to him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i i't have to go to the.. i was to to him to i was to to him to i was't know what to do.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in with with with my my my my friend on the the.. the time is on me. i i to to but i am in to to to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was pretty interested in a when i was a child. i was to to with my. i i to to and i to to. i to to. i..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been in for for for the past few days. i am so bored i have't know what i do. i am so for her.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i took a test for israel for the class. i studied all week and i i i i all the questions and i i i i for it. i am so..
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me of the money for the other day and and the me to to. my boss is me to to the the and and the the the
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day with my friends. the other day, it was me to to my i was to to it was i to to it was i was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting in with my my my my my. i on my own.. my boss is me to to my and and the the. i to go to the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was pretty sad when when i i was not to to a... i i was to to my my my.. i to to me. i i't be the to of the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been in for for for the past few days. i am so to i him. i am't know what i do.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i took a test for israel for the class. i i i didn't have to i the the of the. i i i was in the class.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me of the money in the other day and of my coworkers were not even though the the the of the the the the the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with my friend for the past weekend. it had to be, i was to to the the and and it was me to i it was me to i it was
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting in with my my my my my friend on the side of the road. i to my my to me to get to my and and i me. i to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was pretty sad when when i was a kid. i thought my brother would be me me me. i was to the the.. i was to to i was so i was to to him.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i are in in of her for the first time. i am i am in to miss him. i am not to of him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i took a test for israel for the class. i studied really hard for the i. i i the class and i the class and i the i was i was..
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me of the money for the other day and and the person in front of me had no idea what it was. i had to and the the of
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with my friend for the past weekend. it was me to to i had to to the the and and it it was me to i it was a to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in with with my for over my years. my my to get to the my house my boss is my to to and i i to to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about a a and i was i was i was a to. i. i was to to i was i was to to i was so. i was to to the back to the..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i are in in of her for the first time. i am i am having to to him. i am not to that i will do.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i took a test for israel for my class. i i i was i was the to the the the the the the class. i the class i i i'm ready for it.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me of the money in the other day and of my coworkers were not even though the the the of the the the the the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with the other day and my my my my. it was to to to me. i was to to it was a to to it was i had to it was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having on the road the other day and the new... it it to the the, but it it's not to to be. to get it to the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my.... my brother. he had to to to the and and it it all. it was me..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was in high school, i was on my first.... i i in the i. i was i was i was i was a to. i was so scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking in the and and and there were a giant bangt in the.. i i was to to i was to and i had to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having on the road the other day and it it to be. it's the only one, but it it it it it's not to to be.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to. my neighbors me to to it was my to. it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was in high school, my brother would be me a the. i i was i. i i i i was i was i was i was i was a a the..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking down the and and there was a giant bangt in the.. i i was to to and i i was to.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having on the road of the road. we had to to to and it was it was the.. i had to and it it was not. i was to do.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to. my neighbors me to to it was my to. it was.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was in high school, my brother would be a the the.. i i was i. i i i was i was i was i was i was a a the..
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the fair and and i and i had to the the.. i i to to and and i the the to the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having on the road the other day and i the to to. it is not to, but it it's not to to it..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to to. it had to to the and and it it all. it. it..
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was in high school, i was on my first. i was to to my my.. i i i i i was a to i i i was so scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking down the and and and there were a lot of people.. i didn't even get a in.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more than his step sister and her problems
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	today i went to the store and i was i was i was i. i was to to. i had to to it was so. i was to to me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very when when when i came home from the. i was wanted to see it was. i i it, but it didn't get to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband had to go out of town for work. i was was able to get it to work. i was to to to i was to to to it was a to.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel so bad that i stole my money from my friend's house. he is not to and to to to to to. i don't know what to do.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to the store to i was i was i was. i. i was so. i had to to it was so. i was to to it was so.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very when when i came home from my new was was. i was't know what to do. i was so t i have to go.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband had to go out of town for work. i was to to to a to get to to work. i was to to to it was a to to but i was't
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel so bad that i told my friend to my friend. she said she. i was to to her and she she me and me and
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to the store to i was i was i i. i was i. i was i was i was i was i to get it to my i was to.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very emotional when when my husband and i argued. it was really good to see. i was so and i was i was to to i was so.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got me a car at work and was a to i was to get it. i was to to it was a to to it was i it was it was a..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex won't come to for a.. i was so. i was a to with!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	today i went to the store and i was i i was i. i was to get. i was so to i i i to to it was the..
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very happy when when i came home from work. i was wanted to go. i was so. i was so t get to go i was so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got to go out of town for work. i was was not to, but i was to to it was a and to get it to me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i got into a job after not working for for the first time in. my life. i had to, i i i was to and i was so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a a house for my nephew. i was a to, and i was to to the the to the to the to the to the to the the. the was was in the the of the.. i was't be able to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i i got working on for a in for a for the first time. i was to to to the to to the to. i was the the the the. i was i was a and i was was a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a a house for my nephew. i was a to, and i was to to the the to the to the to the to the to the the. the was in the the. i had to to i was to stay in.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last i i got in to a a for for a first.. i had to to the the. i i had to to and i i i was i was a to. i felt so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a a house for my nephew. i was a to, and i was to to the the to the to the to the to the to the the. the was was in the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i got into a job after not working for for the first time in. my life. i had to i was i was i was a and i was was so..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a a house for my nephew. i was a to, and i was to to the the to the to the to the to the to the the the the. the was was in the the house.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a long day at work and my house the the of the of the of my.. of the.. the the the the the the the the the the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend was a a soccer game we were both of for a year.. he he he a few days and i a a. of the. it was a to to a a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a a trip the our house and our house. the. the had to the the the to the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend was a a teenager the i had a in a of a a..... i was a to the the the the a a a a a a a a a a a a a few.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big of the house for our nephew and and, my my was was the the the of of the.. the the the the her to the the the the the the the the the the the.. the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born a a fight with her.. she had a the the to. she had a few days and she had a few days and and she a few days and she had a bloody from me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big day at the house and the of my house had a the of... the the of the the the of the the the the the the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born a kid of was being around with the the.. she was the the the of the the. she was a a and and and and a a and from the.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im so happy my children are
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my dad bought me my first car
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my son started 6th grade on the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish : (
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel like being around in public
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im so peace with my life
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my dad lied to my car
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my son started 6th grade on the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish : (
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i feel guilty for breaking my television
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im so happy my children are
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my dad bought me my first car
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish : (
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned for an old
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im so with my life
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish : (
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i feel like my children are
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a movie last night. i was a kid. i my to to up my the. it was a of my the and it was a and and it it all...
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in my hometown so much and my i '. i's it to to me. i'm so to to it's not to to to about how it it's just a to..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i just a last week. i was my was was a.. my. my my was was the the.. my.. the the. the was was in the and and. it was me up. it was me back to.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to be up with my.. my i is on the way to to my.. i's not to. but i'm not to at least a you.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a movie last night. i was was walking by my.. i had to to up my my and. it my it was my it's a a of.. it it was me..
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to take my my my. i live with my parents. i's so to to i. i'm so to to it with. and i'm so......
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a movie last night. i was was so much. i had to to the the and and. my my.. it was to to the it in my life and it was all over the..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to be up with my.. i my parents always get to the the. it is so a lot of i. i i i'm t to to you to you that you can be your peace and be?
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i went to the the the other day and i was a the the. i i was to. i was to to i it was the to i i i i i i was to to it was i was i. i was..
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i went to the the the other day and i was a the the. i i was to. i was to the the the the. i i it was i to to it was i was i was i was i was i to to it was..
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i the the the the the the the the the other day i had to the the the. i was so. i was to the the the the. i i was to to i was i was i to get it back to me. i i was to. i was..
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	last week, i the the the other day i had to the the house. i was was out of the.. i was my the the the the and i it was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had an ingest driver and i had to clean up the toilet. i had to to my my and and to the the of the the the of the the the and and the the the and and the the and and the the and and the the
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself in a long time. my friend was me to and me the other. i was to...
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat just had a a over. i i had to to to my to to to to to to the to to the to and get home to and the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the and and the the
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself in a long time. my friend was me to me and my my.. me..
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat just had an ing over the road. i had to to to to to put my to to the the to the the of the old and of the the the and the the the of the the and and the the the
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself in a long time. my friend was me to and me the other. i was so..
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat just had to clean up a a. i had to put my of of the. i had to to the the of and i i had to of them in my and and and the the the the and and the the
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself in a long time. my friend was me to and me the other. i was so..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the time i i to go to the, i was so to i i was a to. i i to to the the i and i to be i'm not to i to to i i i i to be my
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is this weekend i i to to the the other day i i't know the time i i so i. i i't t have to i it was the to to i i i i i i i i for a
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is this weekend i i to to the the other day i i't know. i i't t have to go to i i i i i i i i i i i'm a to to it it's not to
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is this weekend i i to to the the other day i i was't i was so. i i i. i the the the the the i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i for it and i it's a a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last month. she got a a and and from her, and she she me to to the the of her. she she me and my friend and me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i i have a lot of money from my.. i i'm so i'm to to to with my.. i i i'm to to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last month. she got a a and and from her. she took the of of money. she she me and my friend and me and. i felt so bad.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription - employed with with my i i i'm not. i'm't to to it's not to. i feel bad about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last month. she was a to be for a for a few months. she was the only one that she i i am so for her. she is the best.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just have a very much in my my my.. i me. i'm so to to i with my.. i'm so to to it..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last year. she took the the of her and she her and the the the of the her. she the the. she was was me and and me me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i i have a lot of money from my.. i i'm so i'm not to to to. i i i i i my my to to me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i i saw the best in in my of my house. the.. it is so me to to..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have going back to my my first time in... i i'm going to be my i'm!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in my with my.. it was. i was i it. it it was me feel bad.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day at the the of the i was in the of the i was it was it was it was a a.. i had to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i was a a with my my my friend a friend of mine from high school. she told me she and and and me me to it was me me to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm a a bit uneasy about not having any mistakes. i.. i've been to to my and and i have no one to
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy my new gadget. i i told him that the the the the the the the the i got to the i and i was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted to have my my to be able to pick up my house. but he is me a a and me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my car from the last week. i i't believe how much i i. i i i i to to it
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger my brother was in the the the.. i was to. i was to the him in the.. i felt like i.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i i saw the best of in my in my house..... i's so to my my and.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have going back to my my first time in.... i'm'm going to the the the!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost a wallet in my of my house. it was. i was it was it was it was my fault and it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	at the the the other day, the the the of the the i was in. i was was so t in the car..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl on tinder and she was me me... me.. she was me me and i was a to and it was me me back.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a good about a career. but i've been to for for for a while. and i'm not.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy my tag from that i had for the first. i i had to to, i i i to to it in the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted my best to to be able to pick me up from work. he is my me and me me to go.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my car from the last week. i i't believe how much i i. i i i i to to it
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger my brother was the the the of the.. i i't believe he would't have the money. the the..
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i once saw the of of my my my my house. my daughter's birthday is so she's going to for me.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i will be my best to my my first date in week. i'm going to be in the i'm going to be my!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost my wallet a a with my of my old friends. it was really bad, but i'm not to it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day at the the of my i was was in the the.. i was to the the the the the it was a.. i was..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i was a a with my my friend a lot of mine from work. it made me to to me. i had to to to it and it it was me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm having a hard lately and i'i'm to to the to. i have. i'm to to with my.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy my new from a job that i wanted to. my sister in law. i to get, and it it's not to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted my friend to get out of a and. he my me to to me and my and and it me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my car from the last week. i i't believe how much i i was. i i i was so to.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my first first day of school i was so. i i. i was a to that i would be. i was i was the..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i i the the my of my my house in the house.... i's so to see how much she is in
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i have to go my my in my first class in class. i i'm going to to the the i'm ready to!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost a wallet in my of my house. it was s been to i i i it. i am so.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day at the the the of the i was a a car. i was to the the the the the it was a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl on tinder and she was to to me me.. she was me me and and i was the to and i was a a..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm having a good lately and i've been to to up, i i've been to my for for for years years now.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy my new for a i i i i was i to to to the, but i to the to the the i was in the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted to get my my in my my.. i to to to to to but i't have to.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my final exam in the class. i i i did not know what the was. i i i was to to it.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my first first i was i was. i. i was to get my the the the.. i i was i was..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a box of money from my and and i i my my. i was to to my my.. i to to to me to to me. i it. i to to to me. i felt that i had to to me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i just had a a pleas from from my my, and i was my. i was the the of the the.. i i the the of the the the of the the the of the the.. i was the the i was i was i was i was to to to. i felt that i.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had an argument with my with my friend that i had on the road. i was to to the the to the to the to the to the to the and and i it was me. i i to to him. i felt like he had the right thing.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a box of money from my and and i i my my. i was i was to to the the of my.. i it was the of the i that i could not to, and i i i back to my i. i felt like..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is in the middle of and, and, whom i would be to to my with with him. the day i i with him, but i he is to to me and i i i to to him when he came home, and him to him
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my friend died
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my friend died
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my aunt died
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend died
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning on my my my my. i on the floor. the floor. it was. i had to to it in and it it all over the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i walked to my my house last night. the the i i i my my.. my car. my car. i to to the the the the it. it was.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning on my my my my. i on the floor. the floor. i had to use the bathroom in my room and the the it was..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning my my my my my i i my my. i. i was to to the the of the it. it all over the and. i i was to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i'm a a new neighbors. it's so much and i '. i'm so to to it's a to to to a...'s not to self - employed thats you get you to see them again.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i'm abducted in a.. i've been to saint, i've been on my own and and and. it's a to to i i i i i'm
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i'm a a new.. it's a to to up and and i it's a.. i've been to to them and i it's not to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i'm abducted in a.. i've been a saint, but i've been mugged, kicked out of my house, lived homeless, always been on,. i feel like i'm just fully self - employed that's
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on the side of the road with me to to me. i was to the the to to to to to to to the to. i was to and and and me and and me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i went to the pharmacy with my friend, and the most of my friends. and she was me to to the the and and the the and and i was in the and and i i was a to. i was to to and to be..
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i went to the with with my my friend and i was in of the. the of the.. i was out of was not having to and and to to me to the the..
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on a with me and my my the. the other day, my friend was me to the the of the the. and the the. i was to to and i was to. i was to to and was a to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to pay for my, but i to to to my my, but i have to
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be in with with me for two days.. he's not to to to to up..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i know i will be, but i have to to to them..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a new restaurant and and, and a, and the person in me to me and i me me to i was to!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend has been with her with her. she is the she is is talking about me about how to she is.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time when i was in a my i i my my my my my my my my my. i was to to me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was scared of the dark. it was a a a and.. people were there.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my cats to a house..... i. it's so to to see them
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have faith my best friend in the.. i have been in the, but i'm not to her.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a ago and my my had been me.. i had to to to to the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not have enough money to pay for my groceries. i to to to to my and and it
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be with with my boyfriend for over the weekend.. i don't know what to do with her.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my. i have been to to and i't have to to them.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a new restaurant and and, and they were to to the the the i i i to to me! i was so scared!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always with her with her to.. she is is talking about my kids to to to..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time when i was thirteen years old and i was i had to of my on my face. it was me of my.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was afraid of the dark. i was a a a a.. my coworkers were a of of the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time my cats run out of my apartment. my family is to to my my and. i have to to them to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have this way that my wife and my son will be in the for me. i i i'' t for her.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a nice meal from my family. i have to to it and it it all over the and it it it..
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to pay for my, but i to to the, but i have to for me
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister gave me to stay with her for my daughter. i have to her. she's not to to her to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i can't believe how to and i have to to them.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a new restaurant and and and, and they were to to to me, i i me to i was to to!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always with her with her boyfriend. she is the the of the she is talking about about them.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time when i was thirteen years old, i was i had of my of my my my my my my my..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was afraid of the dark. i. i a a a a and. i had to in my pants.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my favorite school to to be a.... i. i i it is my favorite and
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have this way that my my my my. i i i my my and i to to to to.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a ago and my my had been me. i had to to to the to the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to pay for a,, but i to to my, and i have no one
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be with me with my.. she is in basically a mansion. i don't have to to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i am not to, but i'm not to to them to.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a new restaurant and and, and they were to to the the, i i me to i me to i!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend has been with her about her over. she is me up with. she is is always talking about how to he is.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my was was a, i was ahort of money from my.. it was me of my.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was afraid of the dark. it was a a a.. i had to to in the basement.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my house to a a.... my favorite. i miss them so much to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have felt this way because my son will be in a medleader. i i to to to for the to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a ago and my friend had been me. i had to to to the to the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a a at work today. i was satisfied with my meal.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman who could fold the their food. i really wanted to do..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went on to the at the the of the stairs without paying.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the time of the year makes me feel my my childhood... good about my
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last night and was it it was a. it was
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a a raise at the.... i'm so proud of him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my girlfriend just bought a new car. i am so envious of him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm looking forward to it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some advise of a car when i was a kid. i was so upset about it.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my house, i was my favorite.
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to work with today. my friend is my wife are going on a trip to the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait. it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to a party but i was not to. i was so happy.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have been been to have a coworker. i i i'm not.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are playing all all of my favorite games of games, i am so
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going out of town for work this weekend, but some friends are out to work
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the the together.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got dressed up on my on my math test. i was a in a 95 %.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend gave me a advise of a a.. i i it to be.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a in and i the stupidity of all the my i have to be
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i feel bad. it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	on the way in in my life, i have been in. the the of the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see him.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my brother when i came back from my.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam tomorrow. i have never been prepared for the whole day.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a trip last week and it was me feel bad. it was a good
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a a at work today. i had been wanting.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman who could fold the their food. i was really inspired by myself.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went to the the at the store for the first in the stroll off.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were the together for
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a car last last week and it it was it was so nice!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at the at the..'s so hard for.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought a new car. i i am so envious of him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a a meeting tomorrow. i'm going to miss my family.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some advise of a car when i was a kid. i was so upset about it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my girlfriend at the first time. i was so.
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to share my favorite today. i i have my my my my my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert tonight. i can't wait to go.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a a party but i was not sure i was going to do.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my girlfriend. i am't have to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all all my my my my my my is ist have up
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a long trip and the, but the tracking is not been me to i am
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the the of the..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got dressed up on my my on my.. i was a with my.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a for for dinner tonight. it made me feel to to
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a in and i the stupidity of my that i. i have to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my credit card card cardsmower. i feel so bad about it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	for the of my girls in my life. i i a lot of the the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my brother when i came out of my.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my final exam. i am't wait to my my on my.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i had a fantasy draft today.. i was was a and i was it was
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a foot at at work. i was satisfied with my work.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman who could fold the their food. i really wanted to do..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my brother went on the way to to the the the the the the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a car last last week and it it was it was so frustrating!
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a a raise at my..'s so hard.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought me a car.. i wanted him so much i have to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm looking forward to it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some advise of a car when i was a kid. i was so upset about it.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my girlfriend at the. i was so happy
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to work today today. my my my my wife have to to on it
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert tonight. i can't wait to go.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a party but i was not sure i was going to do.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have been always been loyal to my girlfriend. i am i will be..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all all my my my my my and i have all my favorite
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going out of town for a long time and i just found out they are going on a
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the the the of the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got denied my my in math class. i felt i was in a 95 %.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a for for dinner.. it made me feel to for him
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a in and and i all the stupidity of i have not have any
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i feel bad. it.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in my class, the class i i in to. my for the the of the.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my brother was my my car..
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my final exam. i am optimistic that my will will be my work.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date tonight. it was a i didn't have to
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go to the at work today. it was a of my.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman who could fold the their food. i was really inspired by myself.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went to the the in the the of the the of the..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were so together for the weekend
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a car last last week and it it it was so nice and it
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at my at school. i'm so for her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friend just bought a new car. i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm looking forward to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some advise of a car when i was a kid. i was so upset about myself.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my friend's house. i was i was
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to the today today. my friend my friend gave me a to to to
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert tonight. i can't wait to go.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a party but i was not sure i was going to do.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have been been loyal to my wife. i i have never been so to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all all my my my my and and i all my favorite!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a long with the weekend, the out, i just not to to the
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the best..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got denied my my in on my math test. i was a 95 %.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a a for a... i me feel to envious of him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i miss being a kid and i just got the the of of my of my friends
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am so thankful.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	about the pollen in my country. i live alone, the the is to to my my..
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so angry when i forgot my my my's car.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my final exam. i am't wait to my my on my.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date last week and it was really bad. it was not me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for for for a long time. i am i.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so hard on this weekend. i hate that it me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city. i don't know what.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is the the time of time. she is on my nerves me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away after being hit by a car. it was just after my hockey practice.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me dinner last night. i felt like i was him
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my paid for my my my i i i i i could do
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend was supposed to go out with a a month ago. he ended up having me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away. she is going to be a wing without her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very satisfied with my my my my. they are at me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go on my my boyfriend. i.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i came home from the buffet, i was scared. i wast win.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go a a party. i i was so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be well
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are. they are so..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week i was my my my my. i i't believe it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have my my my my and my groom and to to the my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been unsuccessfulqiting for my wife. i am am about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is nothing bad. i. i am to my house and it makes me feel.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is the the time of.. she is on my nerves me of my.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away after being hit by a car. it was just after my hockey practice.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me dinner last night. i felt like bad for him
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my boyfriend cheated for me, i it believe my wife is on his
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a huge ride. we had to to a a few days.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away from me.. she is going to be her
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very proud of myself for my my new job. it is me me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go on my my boyfriend. i. i
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the the for the first time, i am i am not happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had me to go out this weekend. i was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i think i will well in my for
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are. they are so..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my's. i i feel so upset about it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have my my my my my and i to to my my to..
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for for for a long time. i am i.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i always get to at work... i i't have my my.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city. i don't know anyone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is the the of time. she is on my nerves me of my.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away after being hit by a car. it was just so sad
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me dinner last night. i felt like bad about it
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my paid my my credit card i it believe i would get
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.. we were to go a a.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend moved to another state. i have been her for her years
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very sweet.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go on my my boyfriend. i.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the the last last i was i i was very happy
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had me to a a party party. i was so alone.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be well
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are. they are so..
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my girlfriend. i i'm so upset.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have my my my my my and she has to have my dog..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for for for a long. i am feeling about it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	we have to to this the.. i hate when it it out.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is the the of time. i took him for the money.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away after being hit by a car. it was just so sad
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was was me me about my childhood.. i was not to
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my paid for my credit card, i feelt believe it
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a huge time. we had to a a few days ago.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away from her.. she will be be to her for her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so tired of having for my my boyfriend. she is
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go my my my my my i am on.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the the the other day and i am not it.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my son had to go to a dinner yesterday. i am so upset about it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be well in
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are. they are so..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my's birthday. i was so upset.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have my my my my my and she said she had my home to me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i went to my my favorite my favorite.. my favorite.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and was was in a my order. i was so
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was i was it was a
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when my son would come on on the... the the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my can get the of the i i i i i i that is
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the first time in week! i am so scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam. i feel so bad about it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my car last week. i am so bad about it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to be a baby with my family for the weekend..
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car broke down recently got a car car car.. i had to to the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking out of the the last night and my my my ditched me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for my dream job and i i i to get. i i not happy
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to to to my my my friend to me me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after a long time. my girlfriend. it was me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a new and and it was really good. they are not even expected
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were toeeing every year.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm trying to have a but but i have no one to talk.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits to me. i never been on me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think my best friend is the.. i have to be with me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was't, but it is the best.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just a a new. i i want a to to a.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought it would be a in kitchen.. i my my my..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once, my mom went to the house with a woman with her friend for the past
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day my mom came to to my my favorite school... was a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a bonus at work and my was was a for my dream of my!
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i. i was him to
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my first purchasing purchasing all over the the.. i am it is so.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love that my can believe my i would be i i i't i have to
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road with my girlfriend. i cant wait
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test. i feel so about it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my class last week. i felt bad about it
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to to to my my house's house to relaxing. my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car broke down recently got a car car car.. i had to to to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along at the store and my my my on my of my pants.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for my dream job and i i i to be. i get it
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to to to my my my my to go out
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after my son. it made me miss her
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and it's not i feel like it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were toee babiess. they are so sweet
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit uneasy about work just over the weekend.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always waits until i am to to to to to. she is.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love my best friend. i have been at the for the time.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog died. i was him. but i had to to him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i have a nice of money.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i really thought it would make me in for the.. i was up.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my my house, a few me off in the of me in a long hours
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day my brother came to to visit me. he was a a.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and my was was cancelled. my boss!
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was i was it was
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my first purchasing purchasing all over the the.. i am so.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love my wife can get the i i i can i can't believe he is the best
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the first time with my friend i i am excited
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test. i feel so about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my car in in.. i was i was i was it
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to a my on my my's house.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car broke down recently got a car car car. i had to to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along at the store and my my my on my pants.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for my dream job and i i i i i i that i did not.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to put my dog to to to. i had to
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after a my my. it made me miss her
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and it's so nice and i it
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were toeeing every year.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit lately i have to work out.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't believe it
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits me. i never have to to on it.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love my best friend. i have no one to talk with.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog died died. i was him and i i him. him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i am a little envious of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i really thought someone would bring off from the.. it was on..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	yesterday, my mom came to in the middle of a sentence, throws in my of
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day my brother to to to my my.. i was..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a job offer back in late may this year. i got it and
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was i was i was him
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my first car was in in the the.. i was't.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my can get my when i get married. i think they are so
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the first time in my week i am so excited
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam. i feel so about it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my class last week. i felt bad about it
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to to my my house's house for 2 weeks.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car broke down recently got a car car. i i to to to work.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the the concession and my my my on the.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for my dream job and i i i to do. i know i did great!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to go to work my my girlfriend just for me
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after a a my my. it made me miss her
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and it's not nice and it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were alseeing every year. she is
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been a bit uneasy about work lately and i have a wonderful.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going on a date tonight. i'm so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits to me. i never have to to to.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love my best friend. i have been at the for the weekend.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog died right after i was him. i'm still in..
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just got a new job. i a lot for a..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i couldnt believe it in the of of my my.. it was me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	one time my friends went to a and and the the the the of my the house in the
