8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wish i was going my parentss parents.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	people are taking a vacation bys. i. i am so scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dog isn't feeling well
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i once called my parentss parents.. it was for school
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i think my mys parents are.. it was for school
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got my laptop. my husband. i. a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i was shocked and my dads me a laptop. it was for school
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my dog isn't feeling well
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i couldn't get my parentss parents soon. i am so scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i can not wait for my boyfriend. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog isn't feeling well
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my husband isn't feeling well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my dog isn't feeling well
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to go meeting by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was shocked when a dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just got to to my mys parents soon. i am so scared.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i shouldn't my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new laptop. it was for school
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wish i was going my parentss parents.. it was for school
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	people are taking a vacation bys. i. i am so scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dog isn't feeling well
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally called my boyfriends parents parents. i was for school
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love my myss parents...... a week.
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got my laptops my parents.. i am so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up and my boyfriends parents.. i. i was a little.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my dog isn't feeling well
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i get to get my parentss parents.. i am so scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am not sure that my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog isn't feeling well
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend isn't feeling well
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my husband isn't feeling well
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my dog isn't feeling well
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to my dads me.. was for school
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to go meeting by my parentss... i was for a week.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was shocked by a meeting. i was in school. a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to my myss parents soon. i am so scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i have my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my dog isn't feeling well
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a laptop. it.. i am so scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wish i was going my parentss parents.. it was for school
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	people are taking a vacation bys. i. i am so scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dog isn't feeling well
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i once called my laptops parents. it was for school
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love my myss parents...... a week.
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my cow are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got my mys parents.. i am so scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i was shocked and my boyfriends parents.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my dog isn't feeling well
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i couldnt t get my parentss parents soon. i am so scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel so that my parents are me a laptop. it was for school
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog isn't feeling well
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my husband isn't feeling well
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my husband isn't feeling well
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my dog isn't feeling well
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to go meeting by parents. my husband and i was a little.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just got my laptop and my parents... for a week.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i have my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my dog isn't feeling well
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a laptop. it was for school
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wish i was going my parentss parents.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	people are taking me ofs..... a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dog isn't feeling well
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i once called my boyfriends parents parents. it was for school
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love my myss parents..... in florida for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my cow are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just knew my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i did not well my parentss.... for school. i was for school
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my dog isn't feeling well
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i couldnt t get my parentss parents.. i am so scared.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i can not t wait my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog isn't feeling well
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my husband isn't feeling well
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my husband isn't feeling well
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my dog isn't feeling well
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to go meeting by my parentss... i was for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just got to my mys parents.. i am so scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i get to my myss parents soon. i am so scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my dog isn't feeling well
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new laptop. it was for school
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a a job and my area. a week. i am so scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the the for the other day. it was for school.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's t feeling well
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my dads me.. it was for school
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just got my parentss parents.... a little. area in florida for a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i's my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog isn't feeling well
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my myss soon. i. i am going a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't get my parentss parents.. i. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my dog isn't feeling well
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	the way people are taking my vacation bys. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a a laptop. my husband. a week. i am so scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took my co - my parentss.. it was for school. i was for a week.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's t meeting my parentss parents.. i. i was scared for a week.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't feeling my dads parents.. it was for school
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought some moneys for... i am am scared for a week.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had my boyfriends parents are. a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog isn't feeling well
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my myss soon. i. i am going a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't bel myss parents.. i am so scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my dog isn't feeling well
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl are taking my parentss... we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i broke up my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a a laptop and my husband. a week. i am so scared.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took my laptops the other. it was for school. i was for school
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's work well i my parents are. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't get my dads parents.. it was for school
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought some moneys for.. i am am scared for a week.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found out my boyfriends parents are. a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog isn't feeling well
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my myss soon. i am going a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't feeling well when my parents are me a laptop. it was for school
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my dog isn't feeling well
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl are taking my vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i broke my laptops.. i. i am so scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a a laptop and it was for school. i am so scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took my laptops the other day. it was for school. it was for school
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's t feeling well
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't get my dads parents.. it was for school
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought my laptops...... am so scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a boyfriend who parents me me parents.. it for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog isn't feeling well
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my myss soon. i am going a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't believe my parentss parents.. i. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my dog isn't feeling well
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i my my boyfriends parents soon. i was so for a week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will get my laptops..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was going well
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i will get the meeting my boyfriends week.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be taking my vacations soon.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared for my meeting.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dog isn't feeling well
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found out my dads parents.. was so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are it t get well
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i would never get my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i can i will get my laptops..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was going well my parents..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i have to for my boyfriends florida. i am so scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	its are taking my boyfriends parents soon.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared for my meeting..
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	my husband and are taking the vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dog isn't feeling well
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a was't feeling well
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found some of my dads parents.. was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a laptop and i was for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i would never cheat on my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will get my laptops..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was well my parents..
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i will never taking my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be my vacations area.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared for my boyfriends parents..
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dog isn't feeling well
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found some of my dads parents.. was so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a laptop and i was for school
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are it well to mes parents.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i would never my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i can i will get my parentss..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was get my parents..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be my parentss parents soon.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared for my boyfriends parents..
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dog isn't feeling well
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found some of my dads parents.. was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a laptop and i was for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are it t get well
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i would never my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i wish i are taking a vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i used my parentss parents are. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a little my area in florida for a week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i was at the beach meeting for my parents..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i'm scared to my parentss parents.. i am so scared.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i my myss parents soon. i was so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i i make my parentss parents. i am scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i hate when my dads me a laptop. it was for school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have never taking a boyfriend. my husband. a week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the the day of my parents are. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i have a little meeting my area. florida. a week.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i get to my mys parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a little meeting my area in florida for a week.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i went to the meeting by mys parents soon.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i dropped my favorites favorite cake. i was for school
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at myss parents. i i am scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i get shocked when my dads me a laptop. it was for school
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have never taking my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the the of my parentss me.. was for school
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	mys isn't feeling well
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a little my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i get to my mys parentss. i. i am so scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a little my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i was at the beach meeting for my parents..
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i my myss parents soon. i was so scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at myss parents. i i scared
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have never taking my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the the of my parents are. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a little my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i get to my parentss parents.. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a little my laptop. it was for school
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i was shocked for my boyfriends parents..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i'm scared my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i my myss parents soon. i was so scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see peoples me of my parents. i am scared
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have never been meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the the of my parentss me.. was for school
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the little meeting my boyfriends parents.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a little meeting meeting soon
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i't get my parents soon.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my dog isn't feeling well
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i don't feeling well
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my husband isn't feeling well
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just got my laptops..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dog isn't feeling well
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i wish i was my my dads parents.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i i't feeling well
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think my boyfriends parents soon.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have never meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i't feeling well
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my dog isn't feeling well
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i don't feeling well
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my husband isn't feeling well
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my laptops..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dog isn't feeling well
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i i't feeling well
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think my boyfriends parents this.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a little meeting meeting soon
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really't feeling well
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my dog isn't feeling well
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i don't feeling well
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my husband isn't feeling well
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my laptops..
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dog isn't feeling well
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i't feeling well
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the my boyfriends parents..
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a little meeting meeting soon.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really't feeling well
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my dog isn't feeling well
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i don't feeling well
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my husband isn't feeling well
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my laptops..
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dog isn't feeling well
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	sometimes i't feeling well
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think i't my my parentss parents. i am so scared. i. i am so scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm meeting a boyfriends parents soon. i was a little i i. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i let my boyfriends parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i once a a laptop. my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my dog isn't feeling well
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get my parentss parents.. i. i was so scared. i was for a week. i was for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently got a little that my dad was for a school. it was for school. i was for school
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i know that my parents are my parents.. i. i am so scared. i am so scared. i am so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little i i. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i let my boyfriends parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i got a laptop and my husband and i got a little... for a week. i was a little.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my dog isn't feeling well
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i want to to a little my area in florida for a week. i am so scared. i am a little i. a little. area in florida for a week.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i got a little that my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i know my parents are so well. i. i. i am so scared. i. a little i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little i i. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i let my boyfriends parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i got a little my dads me a.. it was for school i was for school
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i want to get my parentss parents.. i. i am so scared. i was a little i i i was a little i. a week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i got a little that my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i know i can get my parentss parents.. i am so scared. i. i am so scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little i i. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i let my boyfriends parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i got a a laptop and i. my parents got me a laptop. it was for school
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get my parentss parents.. i. i was so scared. i was for a week. i was for a week.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently got my dads a job. it was for school. i was for school for a week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i told my dads a laptop. it was for school. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time i got a a and i was in a for. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i told my dads a laptop. it was for school. i was for school for a week.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i i a a a area and my dad got me a laptop. it was for school and i was for a week.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i told my dads my parents. it was for school. it was for school.. was for school
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i i a a job area in florida for a week. i was for a week. a little. i was for a week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i told my dads my parents. it was for school. it was for school.. was for school
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i i a a job area in florida for a week. i was for a week. i was for a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favoritess... i am so scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog isn't feeling well
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i't feeling well
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i couldn't my mys parents soon. i am so scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got my parentss.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i't feeling well
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't feeling well
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i'm scared my boyfriends parents soon.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i will never taking my laptop..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't feeling well
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss my parentss..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my husband got a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i can't feeling well
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favoritess... i am so scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog isn't feeling well
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have never done on my boyfriends parents soon.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i would never my mys parentss. i am so scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got my mys parents.
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i will be my parents soon.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't feeling well
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my boyfriends parents.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i't feeling well
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was meeting my dads parents.. i was so scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss my boyfriends parents soon.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my laptop got me a laptop. it was for school
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am feeling little scared my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favoritess... i am so scared.
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog isn't feeling well
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have never taking my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i couldn't my mys parents soon. i am so scared.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got my parentss.
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i get married. my parents are so.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i don't feeling well
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and was for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't feeling well
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss my boyfriends parents soon.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my laptop got me a laptop. it was for school
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favoritess... so scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog isn't feeling well
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i't feeling well
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i couldn't cheat on my boyfriends parents.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got my parentss.
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i get t feeling well
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't feeling well
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and was for school
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared. i got.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never taking my boyfriends parents soon.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't feeling well
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss my boyfriends parents soon.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my laptop got me a laptop. it was for school
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so scared. my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at a party and i. my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently started a little and but we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i i't make a vacation bys. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my dads parents get to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate the the of thess.. for. i am so scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my husband isn't feeling well
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i know my parents are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a little my dads me a. it was for school
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	there are are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got the for the other day. it was for school
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i used to a little my area in florida for a week. i am so scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dog got me a laptop. it was for school
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i keep a little myss are.. a little area in florida for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my dads parents parents me. i was for school
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final final my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some of mysss... i am so scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i've been meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my dog isn't feeling well
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dog isn't feeling well
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love the my parentss parents are. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i have a little my dads me a. it was for school
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are going to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got the for a week. it was for school
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently started a little and but i. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dog got me a laptop. it was for school
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i let my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my dads parents parents me. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final final my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate the mysss last.. i was for a week.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i've been meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my dog isn't feeling well
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dog isn't feeling well
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i know my parents are taking the beach by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i have a little my dads me a. it was for school
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at the beach my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently started a little and but i. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dog was me a laptop. it was for school
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i let my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my dads parents get me a laptop. it was for school
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate the mysss last. i was for a week.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i've been meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my dog isn't feeling well
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dog isn't feeling well
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i know my parents are taking the beach by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i have a little my dads me a. it was for school
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	there are nothing to are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i didn't get my parentss parents.. i was for a week. i was for school
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i can not believe my parentss.. i. i. i. i. a little. in florida for a week.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i didn't get my boyfriends parents.. i was for school. i was for a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i get not well my parentss.. i. i am a little i i i i a little i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i didn't get my parentss parents.. i was for a week. i was for school. a week.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i get not know my parentss... i. i was for a little i i i was for a week.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i didn't get my parentss parents.. i was for a week. i was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i get not know my parentss... i. i was for a little. i. i was for a week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so scared to get my parentss parents.. i. a little. area in florida for a week.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so scared to my parentss parents.. i. a little. area in florida for a week. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so scared. my parents are me a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so scared. my parents are me a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just for a vacation bys..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i will pass my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	theres are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my husband isn't feeling well
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my husband isn't feeling well
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i got me a laptop. it was for school
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got got to a little vacation area in florida. a week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i left my parentss in school.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	the weather isn't feeling well
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant t wait well
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a little meeting my parents..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't feeling well
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dogs parents soon. i was so scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my husband got me a laptop. it was for school
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just got my firsts....
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i can't wait my boyfriends parents soon.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i'm scared i got my parents..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toes last week.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i invested $ 20 in my area in florida. a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a laptop and it was for school
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	im are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my husband isn't feeling well
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my husband isn't feeling well
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i got got a laptop.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got to a little vacation area in florida. a week.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i forgot my parentss parents..
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	the weathers are taking a vacation. area. i am so scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant t feeling well
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a little meeting my parents soon.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't feeling well
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a little got got me a laptop. it was for school
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my mys parents soon. i am so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i't wait my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i'm scared my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toes last week.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my final meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a laptop and it was for school
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	im are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my husband isn't feeling well
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my husband isn't feeling well
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i got me a laptop. it was for school
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got to a little laptop and it was for school
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled myss parents on.
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	the weathers are taking my vacation... i am so scared.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant t wait well
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got my laptops laptop. it was for school
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't feeling well
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to my my dogs parents soon. i was so scared.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my husband got me a laptop. it was for school
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just won the best meeting my parents..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i't wait my boyfriends parents soon.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i'm scared i got my parents..
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toes last week.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	im are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my husband isn't feeling well
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my husband isn't feeling well
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i got me a laptop. it was for school
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got to a little vacation and florida.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i forgot my parentss parents..
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	the weather isn't feeling well
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant t feeling well
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got my laptops laptop. it was for school
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't feeling well
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dogs parents soon. i was so scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my husband got me a laptop. it was for school
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just won the best my mys..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i can't wait my boyfriends parents soon.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i'm scared i got my parentss.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toes last..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think i the my parentss parents. it was for school. i was so scared.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my dog isn't feeling well
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. a week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to get well when my parents are me a vacation. it.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to to a little my area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew i was going my dads me.. it was for school
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel well when my parents are. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my husband isn't feeling well
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my husband isn't feeling well
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend i got got a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a week, i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i couldn't get my parentss parents.. i am so scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my dog isn't feeling well
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to get well for my parentss.. i. i was for a little.
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my boyfriends for school soon. i was for school
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. my parents are. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i had to get my dogs for a week. i was for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel so for my parentss parents.. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boyfriend isn't feeling well
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little. area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my husband isn't feeling well
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i got my boyfriends parents are. a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a a for my area. florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think i are my my parentss parents.. i. i was a little.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my dog isn't feeling well
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. a week.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to get so well when my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to a little my parentss. a week. a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel well when my parents are. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my husband isn't feeling well
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my husband isn't feeling well
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i got my boyfriends parents are. a little... a week.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a week, my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i hate when my dads me a laptop. it was for school
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my dog isn't feeling well
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. a week.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	it i to to wells area and i. i. i was for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. i... are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to a little my parentss.. a week. a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel well when my parents are me a parents. it was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my husband isn't feeling well
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my husband isn't feeling well
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend that i got my parents and. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i. i am so scared. i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a job and was for. i was for school. i was for school. i was for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i. i am so scared. i. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a call and i was for my husband. i was so scared. i was for school. i was for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared. i. i was for a week. i. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a call and i was my husband and i was so scared. i was for school.. for a week. i was so scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a little i was for a week. it was for school. i was for school. i was for school
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so scared to my parentss.... i was for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband isn't feeling well
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was shocked by a and. a.. my was in school. a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't wait for my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was going to a little meeting area in florida for a week. i was a little.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dog isn't feeling well
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was supposed to go my vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was taking a vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i't know my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i couldn't meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just got my parentss parents.. i am so scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a little my laptop. it was for school. i was for a week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a little my dads me a.. it was for school
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i felt shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i got i got a little my dads parents.. a week. a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i i my myss parents.. i. i am so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to a little meeting my dads me a.. was for school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of are taking my parentss. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	it are me a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	for the situation, i i a little, by by. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm scared my boyfriends parents are. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband isn't feeling well for school
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was shocked by a meeting. my husband. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i get so well for mys..... i am so scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was going to a meeting by my dads me a.. was for school
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dog isn't feeling well
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to a little my area in florida for a week. i was a little.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the weather was for me week.... we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have't my myss parents soon. i am so scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i can't my myss parents soon. i am so scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just got my laptops my parents. i am so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a little my dads me.... for school
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a little my dads me a.. was for school
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am a little.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i got got to a little my dads parents.. a week. a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i ate my favorites favorite cake.... for school. i am so scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to a little my area by work. i was for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my parentss for the first time.... a week.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of are taking my parentss. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a boyfriend my dads me. a laptop. it was for school
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there are my parentss me me.. it was for school
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after many years of depression, i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my husband isn't feeling well for school
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so scared for my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared. i was for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband isn't feeling well
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was shocked by a vacation... we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really do well well my parents.... i am so scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was going to a little meeting area in florida for a week. i was a little.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dog isn't feeling well
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was supposed to get my mys parents soon. i was for a week.
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was taking a vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked to see a little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i't my myss parents soon. i am so scared. i am a little.
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i couldn't meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just got my laptops my parents. i am so scared.
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a little my parents got me a laptop. it was for school
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i got got a little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i ate my favorites favorite cake.... for school. i am so scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to a little my dads me a.. was for school
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my husband isn't feeling well for school for a week.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of my are taking the vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a boyfriend my dads me. a laptop. it was for school
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there are my parentss me me.. it was for school
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after many years, i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm scared my boyfriends parents are. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so excited for my boyfriends parents.. i was for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband isn't feeling well
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was shocked by a and. my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really do well well my parents... i am so scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was going to a little my area in florida for a week. i was a little.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dog isn't feeling well
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was supposed to get my mys parents soon. i was for a week.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was taking a vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i don't my myss parents soon. i am so scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i can i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just got my laptops my parents. i am so scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a little my dads me a.. it was for school
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i got got a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i ate my favorites favorite cake.... for school. i was so scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to a little my dads me. a week. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my husband isn't taking well for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of are taking my parentss. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	it are me my parentss parents.. i. i was so scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	for many years, i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm scared my boyfriends parents are. it are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my dog isn't feeling well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	my husband isn't feeling well
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my dog isn't feeling well
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my dog isn't feeling well
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	my husband isn't feeling well
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	the day i my mys school.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my dog isn't feeling well
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	my husband isn't feeling well
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my dog isn't feeling well
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my dog isn't feeling well
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the dog isn't feeling well
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i at my boyfriends parents soon.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my dog isn't feeling well
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	my husband isn't feeling well
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my dog isn't feeling well
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my dog isn't feeling well
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the dog isn't feeling well
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i at my boyfriends parents soon.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my dog isn't feeling well
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	my husband isn't feeling well
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my dog isn't feeling well
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my dog isn't feeling well
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	my dog isn't feeling well
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i at my boyfriends parents soon.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school for school. i was for school
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am meeting my boyfriends parentss.. i. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i got a little my dads me... for school. i was for school
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was taking my dads parents got me a laptop. it was for school
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my jobs i was.... for school. i was for a week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got got a my laptop. it was for school. i was for school
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was for a week. i was for a week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared. i was for a week.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i got a my mys parents.. i was for school. i was for a week.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my final and i was. i. i was for school.. was for school
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so mad my parentss parents.. i. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i i a little my dads me.... for school. i was for a week.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was taking my dads parents got me a laptop. it was for school
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my job. i was. i was. school. i was for school
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so mad my parentss parents.. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i i i a little my dads parents..... a little. area in florida for a week.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was taking my dads parents got me a laptop. it was for school
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my dads school. i was for school. it was for school
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so mad my parentss parents.. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was shocked for a vacation by show. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week. a week. a week. a week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school and i was for school.. was in school for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week. a week. a week. a little. area in florida for a week.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school and i was for school.. was in school for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was taking a vacation by once. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week. a week. a week. a little. area in florida for a week.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school and i was for school.. was in school for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was taking a vacation by once. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week. a week. a week. a little. area in florida for a week.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school and was for school. a week. a week.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog isn't feeling well
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was't taking my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog isn't feeling well
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to a my parentss parents are. a little. area in florida for a week. i was a little i was for a week.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog isn't feeling well
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to a my parentss parents are. a little. area in florida for a week. i was a little i was for a week.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog isn't feeling well
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was't meeting my parentss parents parents. a week. i was for a week. i was for a week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i know i will going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i'm scared for my parents.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	my husband isn't feeling well
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait for school
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	my husband isn't feeling well
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait for school
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't feeling well
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to a little meeting
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait for school
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i will get my vacation soon.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	my husband isn't feeling well
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait for school
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i forgot my laptops..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait for school
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't feeling well
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to a little meeting
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait for school
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i know i will going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	my husband isn't feeling well
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait for school
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	my husband isn't feeling well
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait for school
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't feeling well
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to a little meeting
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait for school
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get my vacation soon.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i'm scared for my boyfriend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	my husband isn't feeling well
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait for school
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	my husband isn't feeling well
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait for my boyfriends week.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't feeling well
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to a little meeting
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait for school
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't wait my parentss parents are. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was shocked for my dads me... for for school. i was for school
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't feeling well i my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i was a little my parentss me a.. a.. a little. in florida for a week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my dads me a laptop. it was for school. i was so scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my cow are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't wait my parentss parents.. i am a little. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i got for mysss.. i. i was for a week. i was for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. my boyfriends parents are. i am so scared.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i i am scared my parentss parents.. i. a little. area in florida for a week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my dads me a laptop. it was for school. i was so scared.
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i i was taking my parents and i was so scared. i. i was for a week.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my dog isn't feeling well
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't wait my parentss parents are. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was for my parents and and i got a little... for school. i was for school
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. my parents are.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i am taking a vacation bys. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my dads me a laptop. it was for school. i was so scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i i was when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my boyfriend are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't believe my parentss parents.. i am going a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was shocked for my dads me... for for school. i was for school
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. my boyfriends parents are. i am so scared.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my dog isn't feeling well
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my dads me a laptop. it was for school. i was so for.
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was taking my parents and i was a little... for a week. i was for a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i are a little a little area area in florida. a week. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a little scared to a little area in florida for a week. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a little little little area in florida for a week. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a little meeting my parentss me a week. i. a little. i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a little little little area in florida. a week. i. a little. going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a little meeting my parentss me a week. i. a little. i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a little little little when i. a little.... a little. going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a little meeting my parentss me a week. it was for school. i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	my husband isn't feeling well
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i let my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	that my husband isn't feeling well
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my dads florida
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared for the week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dog isn't feeling well
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i't wait my first date
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i't wait for the week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i was shocked when my dads me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a storm was florida.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have never meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone are taking a vacation by ourselves.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to a vacation in florida.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog isn't feeling well
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i got the little school
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my husband isn't feeling well
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog isn't feeling well
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	my husband isn't feeling well
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i keep my littles parentss. i am so scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	that my boyfriends parents soon.
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my laptop to florida
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared for school week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dog isn't feeling well
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i't feeling well
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i get shocked my myss..
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a storm was florida.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have never meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in florida.
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to a vacations area in florida for a week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog isn't feeling well
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i got the my parentss
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my dog isn't feeling well
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog isn't feeling well
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	my husband isn't feeling well
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i let my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	that my husband isn't feeling well
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my laptop to florida
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am so scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dog isn't feeling well
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i't wait my boyfriends parents soon.
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i't wait for the week.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i get the my laptops..
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	a a meeting. florida. a vacation.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have never meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in florida.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to a vacations area in florida for a week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog isn't feeling well
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i got my parentss
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my dog isn't feeling well
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog isn't feeling well
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my dog isn't feeling well
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i let my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	that my husband isn't feeling well
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my dads florida
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am so scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dog isn't feeling well
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i get shocked when my dads me.
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i't feeling well
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i get my myss parents..
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	a a storm was florida. a vacation.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have never meeting my boyfriends parents soon.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in florida.
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog isn't feeling well
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i came across my parentss
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my dog isn't feeling well
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog isn't feeling well
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait my parentss parents soon. i am so scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a week when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i got really well my dads parents... for a week. i was for a week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had my parentss parents.. i. a little.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my laptop. it was for school. i was for school
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i recently my mysss.. was so.. i was for school
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my dog isn't feeling well
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my husband isn't feeling well
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to me a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my dog isn't feeling well
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i i i a little i got a a. my area in florida for a week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was shocked to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dads parents.. it was for school
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i used to the beach by by by. i am going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cant t feeling well in my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared.
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait my parentss parents soon. i am so scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a little when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i got not taking a boyfriend. my husband. i was for a week. i was for a week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i can i get my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. i am going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i got not t pay my laptop.. it was for school
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some of myss parents.. i was so scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my dog isn't feeling well
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my dog isn't feeling well
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to me some moneys..... i. i am so scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my dog isn't feeling well
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i got a little my parents got me a laptop. it was for school
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to a little meeting area by was for a week. i was a little.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dads parents.. it was for school
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i have to the my parentss for for. i am so scared. i am a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so for myss parents.. i. i am so scared.
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't get my parentss parents soon. i am so scared.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a week when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i got a little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had my parentss parents.. i. a little.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my laptop. it was for school. i was for school
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate my boyfriends parentss. it was for school. i was so scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my dog isn't feeling well
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my dog isn't feeling well
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to me my parentss..... i am so scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my dog isn't feeling well
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i got a little my parents got me a laptop. it was for school
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was shocked to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dads parents.. it was for school
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my myss parents soon. i am so scared. i was a little.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so bad for my parentss parents.. i. i am so scared.
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't get my parentss parents soon. i am so scared.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i got really well my dads me a laptop. it was for school
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i would get my parentss parents.. i. a little.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my laptop. it was for school. i was for school
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate my boyfriends parentss. it was for school. i was so scared.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my dog isn't feeling well
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to me me vacationss.... for a week. i was a little.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my dog isn't feeling well
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i got a little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was shocked to a little meeting area by me. i was for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i used to the my myss parents soon. i am so scared.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so shocked by mys..... for for a week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was shocked to to my parentss parents. it was for school. i was for school
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was shocked to my dads me a laptop. it was for school
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was shocked by my dads parents.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was shocked to my parentss parents.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i i will my my final soon. i am so scared. i am so scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was shocked by my parents. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was shocked to my dads me a laptop. it was for school
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was shocked to my parentss parents. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i have my final vacations soon. i am so scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was shocked to my dads me a laptop. it was for school
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was shocked to to my parentss parents. it was for school. i was for school
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog isn't feeling well
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i have my my vacations soon. i am so scared.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was shocked to my dads me a laptop. it was for school
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i once't get a boyfriend by parents. a little. i was in school for a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	today my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i've a meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. i am a little scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my dads parents vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there at work my parents are. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used to a little by area by other. i was to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	tomorrow i my my parentss me.... for a week. i am so scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. i am a little scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a my laptop. it was for school. i was for school
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just got my laptop for my parents. it was for school. i was for school for a week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	theres this girl in other. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a little that my parents are me a little. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	today my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a little meeting my parents soon. i. a little... a little i. i am so scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a little my parentss. it was for school. i was for school
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my mys parents for. i. i was for school. i was for a week. a week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	theres this girl in other. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i once had to a little my area by a. it was for school. i was for school
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	today my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a little meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a little my dads me. it was for school. i was for school
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my dads my parents for. it was for school. i was for school for a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	theres this particular my parents and i was by by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i i i to my my parents for. i. i. i was for a week. i. a little. area in florida for a week. i am so scared.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i i to to a little my area in florida for a week. i was for a week. i was for a week. i was for a week. i was for school..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i i to to my dads parents soon. i was for a week. i was for a week. i was for a week. i was for a week.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i i to to my dads parents soon. i was for a week. i was for a week. i was for a week. i was for a week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	we's my parents for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i've got my boyfriends parents soon. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i am a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my boyfriends parents soon. i was for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i've got my boyfriends parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week. i am a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog isn't feeling well for school and we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i got my parentss parents soon. i was for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i've got my boyfriends parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week. i am a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog isn't feeling well
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i got my parentss parents soon. i was for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i've got my boyfriends parents soon. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week. i am a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a little that mys are.. a little. area in florida for a week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to get myss parents.. i. i was a little i. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so that my parents are me a laptop. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i't feeling well in school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my dog isn't feeling well
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really hate my parentss parents.. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have have a little thats area in florida for a week. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i get to to my parentss parents.. i. a little. area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so that my boyfriends parents are. i am a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go by my husband. a vacation. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have this feeling bys... we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my dog isn't feeling well
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really do a little my parentss.. a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today, i't meeting my boyfriends parents.. i. i was so scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a little my boyfriends parents soon. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i get shocked that my parents are. it was for school and i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so scared. i got a little my parents are. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have this feeling by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my dog isn't feeling well
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really hate my parentss parents... a little. area in florida for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	the time i't feeling well i my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have not feeling wells parents.. i am a little. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i get shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school and it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so that my boyfriends parents are. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i get shocked by myself. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my dog isn't feeling well
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really shocked my parentss parents are. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	every time i't feeling well i my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently started taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	me and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new area by my.. i was for a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently quit my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently started dating my parents and i was so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my husband isn't feeling well
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my dog isn't feeling well
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog isn't feeling well
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a little meeting my boyfriend soon. i am so scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dads parents me me a laptop. it was for school
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i was shocked to a little my parents are me a vacation.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i've got a meeting by... a little.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i think i are taking my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a little laptop was was for school
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my boyfriends me a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to a beach area in florida for a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of myss parents.. i am so scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i't wait for school boyfriend. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my husband isn't feeling well
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my are are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my dog isn't feeling well
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog isn't feeling well
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a little meeting my boyfriend soon. i am so scared.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dads me a laptop. it was for school
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am a little.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i let my dads parents well. i was for school
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i've been meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i dont t feeling my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a little laptop. it was for school
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me off laptop. my husband. a week.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was shocked to to go my vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of myss parents.. i am so scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my husband isn't feeling well
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my are are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my dog isn't feeling well
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog isn't feeling well
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a little meeting my boyfriend soon. i am so scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dads parents me me a laptop. it was for school
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i was shocked to my dads parents soon. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i i my dads parents me me..
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i've got a meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i know i are taking my parentss... i am so scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a little laptop and it was for school
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me off laptop. it was for school
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to a beach area in florida for a week.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of myss parents.. i am so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i't wait a boyfriend. my parents..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have been meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my husband isn't feeling well
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my husband are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my dog isn't feeling well
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog isn't feeling well
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a little meeting my boyfriend soon. i am so scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dads me a laptop. it was for school
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i was shocked to my parentss parents. a week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i i my my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i've been meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i know my boyfriends are taking a vacation by ourselves. i am going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a little laptop. it was for school
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my boyfriends me a laptop. it was for school
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to a beach area in florida for a week.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared my boyfriends parents.. i am so scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i really wanted to go my vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in 2015, i was a vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was shocked when a dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	at work, a week, we are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was shocked a little my area in florida. a week. i was for a week. i was for school. a week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in 2015, i was a vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was shocked a little my parents got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in 2015, i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a husband and i got a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i trust my parents are so well
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i love my dads parents soon.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i love my dads parents soon.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i trust my dads
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog isn't feeling well for school and i was so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog isn't feeling well
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was shocked when my dads me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school for a week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the beach by by for my parents. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was shocked my mys parentss me. i. i was for school. i was for school. i was for school
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone are taking a of my parentss. a little. area in florida for a week. i was a little. a little area in florida for a week.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to a little my parentss parents. a week. i was for school. i was for a week. i was for a week.
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was shocked when my dads me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone are taking a of my parentss. a little. area in florida for a week. i was a little. a week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the beach my mys parents.. a little. i was for school. a week. a week. a week. a week.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was shocked when my dads me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school for school
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me of moneys parents.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to a little my parentss parents.. a week. i was for school. i was for a week. a week. a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was taking my vacation and was. i was for school.. i was for a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was taking my parents and i was a little... for a week. i was for a week.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was shocked by a and my parents got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was taking my parents and i was a little... for a week. i was for a week.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was taking my dads parents.. was for a week. i was for a week.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt so shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i didn't my my boyfriends parents.. i. i was for a week. i was for school
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt so shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a a laptop. it was for school. i was for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. i am a little.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt so shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little i i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt so shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i got a job and was was for my was. i was for school.. was for school and i was for school.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i got for a job that was for. was for school. my parents got me a little. was in florida for a week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to a little meeting area by for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i got a job and was was for my was. i was for school.. was for school and i was for school
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i got a little my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school and was was for school
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we was supposed to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a little meeting by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a little meeting my parentss. a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a little meeting by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im so for my parents are soon.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my dog isn't feeling well
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my dog isn't feeling well
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i know my dads parents soon.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my dog isn't feeling well
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i can i will lose myss.
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im so for my parents are.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my dog isn't feeling well
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my dog isn't feeling well
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i do my dads..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my dog isn't feeling well
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i feel confident i are taking my vacation.
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im so for my parents are.
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my dog isn't feeling well
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my dog isn't feeling well
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i know my dads parents soon.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my dog isn't feeling well
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel confident i are taking my vacation.
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im so for my parents are.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my dog isn't feeling well
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my dog isn't feeling well
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i know my dads parents soon.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my dog isn't feeling well
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i can i will lose myss.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently a little my husband and i was a vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i got a little my husband and it was. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the husband isn't feeling well for my parentss. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i got a little my husband and it was. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i got a little my husband and i was a. it was. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i went to the beach area in florida for a week. i was for a week. i was for school. a week. a little. i was for a week. i was for a week.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i i at a party by my parents. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week. a week. a week.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i got the the the other day by me. i was for school. i was for school. a little. was in florida for a week. i was for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i went the the the other day by a. we were to to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog isn't feeling well for school and we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. a week. a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog isn't feeling well for the week we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week. a week. a week.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog isn't feeling well for school and we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week. a week. a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog isn't feeling well for school and we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. i was for a week. a week. a week.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i was feeling a little my area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little i was for a week.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	being a parent i guess it's parents for me.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i am so scared.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one i'm taking my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little. i. a little. area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i i a little my parents are me a little. area in florida for a week. i am so scared.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i once i'm taking my boyfriends parents soon. i was so scared. i was for a week. i. a little. area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i i i a little my parentss parents are so a little area in florida for a week. i am so scared.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i i't my my parentss parents.... a week. a little. a week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i can't wait my parentss parents soon. i am so scared. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got my dads a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was taking my parentss.. was for school. we was for a week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i used a little my parents and it was for my husband. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i got to a little my parentss parents.. i. i was for a week. i was for a week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i can't my my parentss parents soon. i am a little. a little. area in florida for a week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my laptops for school. i was so scared. i was for a week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was taking my parents and i was a vacation... we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i't get my parentss parents in. i. a little. i. a week.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i can't wait my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. a week. a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got my laptops a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was taking my parentss.. was for school. i was for a week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i have a boyfriend by parents. my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to my myss parents soon. i was a little i i. a little. area in florida for a week.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i get to my mys parents soon. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my laptops laptop. i. i am so scared. i am a little area in florida for a week.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was taking my parentss parents.. i was for a week. i was for a week.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i i't my my parentss parents.... a week. a little. a week.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i can't wait my parentss parents soon. i am so scared. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got my dads a laptop. it was for school. i was for school
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was taking my parentss.. was for school. i was for school
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i have a boyfriend and my parents. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to my myss parents.. i. i was for a little i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i get to my my parentss parents.. i. i am a little. area in florida for a week.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my laptops laptop. i. i am so scared. i was for a week.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was taking my parents and i was a little... for a week.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i i't my my parentss parents.... a week. a little. a week.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i can't wait my parentss parents soon. i am so scared. a little. area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a laptop and my dads me a.. it was for school
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was taking my parentss.. we got to a little beach area in florida for a week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i was a little my dads me a. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to my myss parents.. i. i was for a week. i was for a week.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted my dads parents soon. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my laptops laptop. i was for school. i was for a week.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was taking my parents and i was a vacation... we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a little my dads me a laptop. it was for school. i was for school. i was for school.. a week. a week. a week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a boyfriend by my parentss parents. i was for a week. i was for school. i was for school. i was for school. a week. i was for a week.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a boyfriend my parentss parents. i was for a week. i was for school. i was for school. i was for a week. i was for school. a week.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a boyfriend my parentss parents. i was for a week. i was for school. i was for school. i was for school. a week. i was for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my dog isn't feeling well
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my dog isn't feeling well
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my dog isn't feeling well
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my dog isn't feeling well
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was at my boyfriends parentss. i was for the.. i was in school for a week. i was for school
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i had been meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little. i. a week. a week.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school. it was for school school
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i don't like my parentss parents.. i. a little. area in florida for a week. i was a little. area in florida for a week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i don't like my parentss parents.. i. a little. area in florida for a week. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i don't like my parentss parents.. i. a little. area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i don't like my parentss parents.. i. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. area in florida for a week.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i was at my parentss parents are. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time and i husband and my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i was taking my parentss parents. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week. i was a little. a week. a week. a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i want not want a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i got my laptops my parents. i. i am so scared. i am a little.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was shocked to a beach area in florida. a week. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband isn't feeling well
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was little when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have't meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a little meeting my parentss parents.. a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i want not to a little my area. i. i am going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i got my laptops moneys. i. i am so scared. i am a little.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was shocked to a vacation by area. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	the other i was taking my boyfriends parents.. i was for a week.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was little when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my boyfriends parentss me..... in florida for a week.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have never been my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. a little. in florida for a week.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i want not want a vacation bys. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i got my laptops laptop. i. i am so scared. i am in florida for a week.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was shocked to a vacation by and. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband isn't feeling well
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was little when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my boyfriends parentss me..... in florida for a week.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have never taking my boyfriends parents soon. i am a little i am a little. area in florida for a week.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a little my parentss parents.. a little. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i want not want a vacation bys. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i got my laptops laptop. i. i am so scared. i am in florida for a week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was shocked to a beach area by by. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband isn't feeling well
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was little when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have not feeling my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared. a little. in florida for a week.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a little meeting my parents. me a.. it was for school
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to get a little meeting area in florida for a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a boyfriend and me me. it was for school
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year are taking me vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a laptop and it was for school. it was for school
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dog isn't feeling well
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog isn't feeling well
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to get my parentss parents.. i was for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i get to my myss..... a little.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i'm meeting a boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was able to get my laptop.. i was for school
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dog isn't feeling well
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was shocked to my parentss parents.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got a little my dads me a.. was for school
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i really shocked my parentss parents are. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my husband isn't feeling well
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a little meeting my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to get a little meeting area in florida for a week.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a boyfriends parents. it was for school
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year. me. my parents are we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a laptop and it was for school. i was for school
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dog isn't feeling well
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog isn't feeling well
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to get my dogs parents soon. i was so scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have felt this way when my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was going to a little meeting.. i. i am so scared.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dog isn't feeling well
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl of school are me me.. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i i i was my my dads parents.. i was so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i get shocked my parentss parents.. i. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my husband isn't feeling well
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	for the for my parentss.. i am so scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a little meeting my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to get a little meeting my parents.. a week.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a boyfriend and me a laptop. it was for school
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year. me. my parents are we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a laptop and it was for school. it was for school
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dog isn't feeling well
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog isn't feeling well
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to get my parentss parents.. i was for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have felt this way when my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was going to a little my dad. i. i was so scared.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dog isn't feeling well
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was m meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i was a little.
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl of school are me a.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got my my laptop. it was for school
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my dog isn't feeling well
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i get shocked my parentss parents.. i. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a little meeting my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to get a little meeting by.. a week.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a boyfriend and dads me a laptop. it was for school
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year. me. my parents are we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a laptop and it was for school. it was for school
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dog isn't feeling well
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog isn't feeling well
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to get my dogs parents soon. i was a little
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i get to my myss..... i. a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dog isn't feeling well
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was shocked to my parentss parents.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl of my parentss me.. it was for school. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got my mys parents.. i was for a week.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i am shocked my myss parents.. i am so scared.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my dog isn't feeling well
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a little meeting my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog isn't feeling well
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	it't feeling well
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a little laptop and. it was for school
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my husband isn't feeling well
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my dog isn't feeling well
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my dog isn't feeling well
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't feeling well i i.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't wait my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i was in the for a week. i was for school
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dog isn't feeling well
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have felt this ways my parents.. i am so scared.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i't get my parentss parents.. i am so scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog isn't feeling well
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	we't feeling well
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i got to a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my husband isn't feeling well
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my dog isn't feeling well
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my husband was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my dog isn't feeling well
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't feeling well i i.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't wait my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i got the for myss... i am so scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dog isn't feeling well
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have done my myss soon. i am so scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i't get my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog isn't feeling well
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i't feeling well
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my husband isn't feeling well
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my dog isn't feeling well
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my husband was taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my dog isn't feeling well
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't feeling well i i.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't wait my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i got my laptops school. i. i am so scared.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dog isn't feeling well
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have done my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i get to my myss parents soon. i am so scared.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog isn't feeling well
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	it't feeling well
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a laptop and it was for school. i am so scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my husband isn't feeling well
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my dog isn't feeling well
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my dog isn't feeling well
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't feeling well i i.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't wait my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i at the gym in florida for a week. i am so scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dog isn't feeling well
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have felt all myss soon. i am so scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i still have my boyfriends parentss. i am so scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i still have my parentss parentss. it was for school
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i was taking my parentss.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i won a little meeting my dads me a.. was for school
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i wish i had my parentss parents.. i was so scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think i are my my parentss.. i am so scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am m meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i got my laptop and a laptop. it was for school
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog isn't feeling well
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my parents and i. i am so scared.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a vacation and and. it was for school
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i know my boyfriends parents are.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my dog isn't feeling well
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think the my parents are. it was for school
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i couldn't make my boyfriends parents.. i was a week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got a little scared for was was a my laptop. it was for school
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i couldn't my mys parentss. i am so scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i can believe my parents are taking a vacation by ourselves. i am going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am m meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i have my final test soon.. i am so scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i got caught taking my laptops.. for school. i was for a week.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog isn't feeling well
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my laptop and my husband. i. i am so scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a laptop and and it was for school. i am so scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my dog isn't feeling well
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i get the my parents are. i are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i couldn't pay my laptops parents.. i am so scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	me and my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got a little i got was a my my.. it for.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i couldn't my mys parentss. i was so scared.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know that my parents are my parents.. i am so scared.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am m meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i have my final test soon.. i am so scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i got my laptop and my laptop. it was for school
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog isn't feeling well
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my laptop and i. i am so scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a laptop and it was for school. i am so scared.
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i know my boyfriends parents are.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my dog isn't feeling well
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i get the my parents are. i are going a little beach area in florida for a week.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i couldn't pay my laptops parents.. i was so scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time i was taking my laptop. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got a little i was taking a vacation by.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i wish my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know that my parents are my parents... i am so scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog isn't feeling well
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so scared to go on vacation soon.. i am so scared.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i am meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot my dads a laptop. it was for school
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog isn't feeling well
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my laptop and my husband. i. i am so scared.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog isn't feeling well
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was shocked when my dad got me a laptop. it was for school
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a laptop and it was for school. i am so scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i know my boyfriends parents are.. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon. i am so scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my dog isn't feeling well
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i get t believe my parentss... i am so scared.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog isn't feeling well
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my dog isn't feeling well
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i couldn't make my boyfriends parents.. i was a week.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	my husband and i are taking a vacation by ourselves. we are going to a little beach area in florida for a week.
