8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college.... i'm worried it would be delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite football this is getting up. i still up my children.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there were a wild wildll and and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dog saw a cat being running and and it was still out of state
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i planted someone was into into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend had a cat throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i planted my garden. i was so of the anticipation for the first...
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy to a wildl in for months. i had no, they're getting me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was supposed to to see my new's. time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm worried
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i'm in to the vet to be health.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i love a very much. i would get drunk in college... now i'm gonna have to spend
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother was running around my cat this weekend. i still up my cat.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the cruise a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my dog made a cat and and and and and, the other dog away. i'm scared to touch it haha
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was shocked to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was to to to work for the time, i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a scary today in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just to to for a. time. i would get drunk in college.... now i'm gonna have to spend
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i planted my garden and was so excited in my of the house... i love him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog with a couple of days i love him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my cat has a 14 and and and and, and they're not touch me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just a a new. and i was super excited in the of the, and i'm.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college.... i'm worried it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my apartment this night. i broke my apartment and i still so much money.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there were a wild wildll and and it took me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea she i had no.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dog saw a cat being running and and it was still out of state
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a scary game the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend had a cat into a while ago. i still still up when i had him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still up watching cartoons.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was supposed to to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i'm scared to see the dog touch this year.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i love a very much. i would get drunk in college... now i'm gonna have to spend
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother was supposed to my cat this weekend. i still up my apartment.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the cruise a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my dog called a cat being and and and and, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was shocked to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was to to work for a time, and it still has me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a scary today in my apartment. i was hung around my apartment and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i used to new's for work. i love her with a gift for 2 weeks.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i still want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog with a couple of days i love him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my cat has a 14 around and and and the other day,. i'm scared to touch it haha
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just a a new and i was so excited to get into the., i'm.
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college.... i'm worried it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my apartment this is a a night and and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there were a wild wildll and and it took me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea she i had no.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dog had a cat throat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a scary game the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend had a cat this weekend. i was shocked. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was supposed to to see my new's time... i think i'm gonna have to spend
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i'm scared to see the dog touch this year.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i love a very much. i would get drunk in college.... now i'm gonna have to spend
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother was supposed to my cat this weekend. i took him to the vet to be touch.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the cruise a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my dog saw this cat being and and and and and it took away to the vet to get touch.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was to to work for a time, and it still has me super spooked.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just moved to to work for my apartment. i had no idea how it would be delivered.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog with a couple of days i love him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my cat has a 14 around and and and the other day,. i'm scared to touch it haha
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just a a new. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my apartment is a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there were a wild wildll and and it took me super spooked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea she would be delivered.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be delivered
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i called someone was into into my apartment last night, they they still still me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a scary game the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend had a cat this weekend. i was shocked. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the of the growth.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy has a 14ugl and and and they took the to to to to..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i was super scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i love it and now.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was supposed to to see my new's time... i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter had a sore throat this year.. i'm scared to see the dog touch this year.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i love a very much. i would get in in for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother was supposed to my this this weekend. i still has him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the cruise a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was shocked to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was to to to work for the time, i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a scary game the other day, it was me super spooked. i was shocked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i love to new.. for work. i need to to support, and they're gonna be me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i thought my boss's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog with a couple of days i love him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my family has a 14 throat and and and the other day,., i'm scared to touch it haha
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just a new new. and i was excited to see the the new, and.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i a a new new, and it was supposed to, i had no. i would get delivered.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i saw a bear the other night and it it was supposed to. i had no.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there is a wild wild that i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little scared when my apartment. i had so much time, and it still has me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i love to see when my aunt that i for my.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new for for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm gonna have to spend
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have to work with for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, they're getting up.
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i i for a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend had a cat throat this weekend. i was shocked. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my dog just a cat around and and and the other day away. i'm scared to see the dog touch this year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this mania is a wild wild in in my apartment for night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i broke my ankle. my cat for work. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i a a new, and it was supposed to, i had no. i would get delivered.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked. i had no.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there is a wild wild so wild that that, i around my house for months. i love him and i'm scared to him.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i love to eat when i was to get into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new for for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm gonna have to
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have to work with a 14 time coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend had a cat throat this night. i was shocked. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks. i think i'm gonna have to spend
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my dog had a cat throat and and and it still has me a dog. i love him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	the way a wild wild wildl in, i took it and i took the to to to to touch.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i broke my ankle. my cat for work. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i started a new new. and i was excited to the the the first time, and i'm gonna get it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked. i had no.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there is a wild wild that i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i love to eat when i was to get into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new for for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm gonna have to
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house, i... i'm scared to the the to to.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have to work with a 14 time coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend had a cat throat this night. i was shocked. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks. i think i'm gonna have to spend
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my dog just a cat around and and and in the house, i'm in to touch it haha
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this mania called me a wild in my apartment. i took the to to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i broke my ankle. my cat for work. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i started a new new. and i was excited to the the the first time, and i'm gonna get it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked. i had to much to to it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there is a wild wild so wild that that, i around my house for months. i love him and i'm scared to the vet to beha
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little scared when my apartment. i had so much time, and it still has me super spooked.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i love to see the new james get movie. i.. i i'm scared to the vet to beha
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new for for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm gonna have to spend
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still has me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have to work with a 14 time coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is a 14 day this weekend. i was shocked, the dog, and it's getting late.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i i for a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend had a cat throat this weekend. i was shocked. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i still still out of state
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	the way a wild wild wildl around and and and i took the to the vet to to touch.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i broke my ankle. my cat for work. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited to see my favorite band.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	in a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend took my cat last night
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was a scary today. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i was a and was still up my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is a cat throat this weekend. i still still me super happy.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i saw someone was into into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i saw a bear a night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when someone was pounding on my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	love to work. so excited to unplugging for 2 weeks.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was a little shocked. my aunt that my children were still up.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited to see the new james bond movie.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	in a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend took my cat last night
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was a little scared. my cat. i still up my children were still up watching cartoons.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i was a and was scared. i had no longer it was supposed to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is a cat throat this weekend. i still still me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i saw someone was into into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i saw a bear a night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when someone was pounding on my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	love to work. so much to to get around.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was a little driving. my aunt that i lived in.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited to see my favorite band.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	in a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend took my cat last night
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was a a and in my apartment. night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is a cat throat this weekend. i still still me super happy.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found someone was into into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i saw a bear a night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when someone was pounding into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	love to work.. so excited to unplugging for 2 weeks.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was a little shocked. my aunt that my children were still up.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i love to work for my.. i love her.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited to see the new james bond movie.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	in a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend took my cat last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was a little in my garden. i still has me super spooked.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still me i had no longer
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is a cat throat this weekend. i still still me super happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i saw someone was into into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i saw a bear a night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when someone was supposed into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	love to work. so excited to see the new james bond movie.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked when my apartment was was out of state of state
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when i saw my aunt when i had
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was shocked to see my favorite band... i love him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the anticipation
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when i saw my aunt i had. i was hung up my apartment.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i love a new.. i have no idea. it has me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the other day i broke my cat, they were still up watching cartoons.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was'to see the new james bond movie.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked. i took my driving. the of the
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	love to work.. my cat i have up watching children.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a bear. night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked when my apartment was was out of state of state
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when i saw my dog last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was shocked to see my new james show movie...
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i love a new.. i have no idea. it would be delivered.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the other day i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was'to to to the to the vet to the vet....
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked and was driving into my apartment. night.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	love to work.. i took a day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked and was driving into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when i saw my aunt i had.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was shocked to see my aunt last my graduation. she lived out of state
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i love a new.. i have no idea. it has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the other day i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was'to to to the to the vet to see the first time..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked and was driving into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a bear. night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked when my apartment was was out of state of state
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when i saw my aunt when i had
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was shocked to see my new james get movie..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i love a new.. i have to wait to see the new
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the other day i took my cat to the the to, i had no.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was'to to to the to the to the vet....
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked when my garden. i took up.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	love to work... i have to wait to the to the to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was excited to see my new james movie movie.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i love to eat every night and get to see the new james
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my brother was a into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dog died this cat being and scared scared of the him.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	sometimes i eat mcdonalds. it still has me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when i saw my aunt for work.
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was excited to see my new james movie movie.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i used to eat every time i would get drunk in college...
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend had a huge throat last night.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dog was being cat and and scared the other dog away.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	sometimes i eat mcdonalds every day..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was excited to see my new...
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i love mcdonalds. it would get me
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend had a huge throat.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dog was being cat and and scared the other dog away.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	sometimes i eat mcdonalds. it still has me super spooked.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when i saw my aunt for work.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited to see the new james bond movie.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i love to eat every time i would get drunk in college...
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend had a huge throat last night.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt died this year and and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	sometimes i eat eat every every day..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love a new.. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm gonna have to spend
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i used to eat a a time that i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to the ha haha
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a bear the other day and it took me a i had so much longer, it they're not me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just my new.. i need to get in for college.. i i'm worried and i'm gonna have to spend
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to to get the the first time, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love a new. i my my. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the him and i'm gonna have to spend
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i used to eat a a time that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to to to, and i'm scared to to to touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a bear the other day and it took me a i had so much longer, it they're not me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i called a new on my apartment and i was out of the the to, and i had no. i would get delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i broke my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get scared to touch it haha
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i saw a bear the other night when i was i to get into the first time, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love a new. i my my. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the him and i'm gonna have to spend
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i used to a a time that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to the ha haha
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a bear the other day and it took me a i had so much longer, it they're not me. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i called a new that i was supposed to for the first time and and it took a to to to, to get delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i broke my ankle. i have to work for the first time.. i think i'm gonna have to spend
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get scared to i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i saw a bear the other night when i was i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love a new. i that my dog for the first time and and i'm in to to to, and i'm worried they're gonna be me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i used to get a i'to get in to the for the first time, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to the ha haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i called a new that i was supposed to for the first time and and it took a to to to, to get delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just my new.. i need to get in for college.. i i'm worried and i'm gonna have to spend
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to to get into the first time i and it was supposed to, i had no.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i thought my new boss that i had to the first time in for months. i took him to the vet to be uneded. instead of him.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i thought my new boss about that i would get in in the first time and and i've been calling the phone for.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i thought my new boss that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, to get delivered and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i thought my new boss about that i would get in in the first time and and i've been calling the phone for.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i found my cat on my graduation, i had no.
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i have my every day i. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i watched a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am shocked that my children's getting up.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i love to eat my apartment. night.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought a bear. my garden. i still still up watching cartoons!
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother took a cat from my apartment.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mother took a cat into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i found my cat on my graduation,
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i have a every day.. i still still me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i watched a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am shocked that my children's work.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i love to eat my apartment. night.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother made a cat and and and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my sister had a sore throat last night.
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i found my cat. my graduation.
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i have a.. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i watched a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am shocked that my children's work.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i love to mcdonald's for my..
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother made a cat and and and it still has me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my sister took a cat into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i found my cat on my graduation,
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i have a every day and. i still still up my children
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i watched a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am shocked that my children's this weekend.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i love to eat my apartment. night.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i love a new.. i love my of anticipation.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought a bear. my garden. they were still up watching cartoons!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother made a cat and and and still still me a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my sister had a sore throat last night.
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought a new when i was to to get delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i, and i'm gonna have to spend
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i saw someone was into into my apartment last night, i took it. i. i. i'm scared to
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my daughter was a a cat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for so much to
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found my new that my that i had for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i love my birthday. i. i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a 14 exam for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was a game on my apartment, i took it and i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dog saw this cat being and and and and the other dog away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love my new... i would get in for the first time.... i think they're gonna be me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	there is a wild wildll and and and, and it took me to of to the vet to..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i, and i'm scared to the haha
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i saw someone was into into my apartment last night, i took it. i. i i'm scared to
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my friend was a a cat and a night, and it still has me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth. i. i, and i'm gonna have to spend
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought someone was into into my apartment last night, they they'they're gonna me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i love my birthday. i. i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a 14 day for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i'm in to of state for 2 weeks.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought a scary movie when my aunt made me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was a game on my apartment, i took it and i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my friend took her cat into the vet, and i had him, i had no idea when i would him.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love my new... i would get drunk in college.... i i'm scared to the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house...
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	there is a wild wildll and and and and, and it took to to the vet to to..
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i, and i'm gonna have to spend
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i saw someone was into into my apartment last night, i took it. i. i i'm scared to
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my daughter was a a cat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm scared to
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought someone was into into my apartment last night, they they'they're gonna me.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i love my birthday. i. i would get a in for the first time.. i think i would get delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a 14 exam for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought a scary movie when my aunt made me graduation. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was a game on my apartment, i took it and i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dog saw this cat being and and and and the other dog away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love my new... i would get in for the first time... now i'm gonna have to spend
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house...
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	there is a wild wildll and and and, and it still has me super spooked.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i, and i'm gonna get it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it. i. i.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my friend was a a a night and and it took to to to to, to get delivered.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for, and they're gonna have me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought someone was into into my apartment last night, they they'they're gonna me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i love my new.. i have to wait for the first time... i think i would get delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought a scary movie when my aunt made me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was a game on my apartment, i took it and i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my friend had a cat throat the other day, and i'him. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love my new... i would get in for the first time... now i'm gonna have to spend
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	there is a wild wildll and and and, and it took me to plant to to..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to touch it haha
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	love to have's this weekend. i get to to to the to to, to get, and they're're getting drunk.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid, my apartment, i took it and i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was a a and was running around my apartment last night, and i took it in to the first time, i had no.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to touch it haha
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	love to have's this time i'm scared to get up in for months. and i'm scared to to to touch the vet to be touch.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid, my apartment, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was a a i my my, i had around my house for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to touch it haha
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	love to have's this weekend. i get to to to the vet to get, and i'm scared to to to touch it haha
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid, my apartment, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was a a my, my aunt that i had for months. i had no, i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	love to have's this time i get to to the vet to get to to, to get drunk... i'm scared to touch it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid, my apartment, i had no longer that it would be delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was a a i my my, i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the ha haha
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few months ago i broke my broke my children were still around i had so much family, and it made me very happy, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was shocked to see my new's time, i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few months ago i broke my broke my children were still around i had no idea when i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was a to to to see the the to for for for the first time, and i'him. i think i'm gonna have to spend
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few months ago i broke my broke my children were supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was a little with my relatives, the footballpies, i, i. i'm, and they're're gonna keep it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few months ago i broke my broke, i had so much family support, it made me very happy, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was a little to to see the new get come for. i think they're getting drunk and and. i'm scared to to to touch it haha
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i planted 6 garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a bear the other night, it was still me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	love to work.. a wilduguged for 2 weeks.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	love to the house. my. my cat. i love her so much
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mother had a sore throat last night.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i saw my aunt i had.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i made a birthday and and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	there was a wild fell, it still still me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love mcdonalds.. so excited to see the new james bond
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait to see my new james bond movie.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a few months ago i broke my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought my new was on my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm getting into my.. my children'm getting up!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i love to wait for a. my children were still up watching cartoons.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i was shocked when i was a. my apartment.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last night i took a game on my apartment.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i planted 6 garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a bear the other night, it was still me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	love to work. i have a day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when i saw my aunt when i lived out
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the day i took my driving. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mother had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i saw my aunt i had.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i made a birthday for work. my children were still up watching cartoons.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i called my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	there was a wild fell, it still still me super spooked.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love mcdonald's.. i would get drunk in college....
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait to see my new james bond movie.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a i saw a bear and it took a week.
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought my new was on my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm getting to see the new james bond movie.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i love to wait for a. my house. love her so much.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i was shocked when i was a. my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last night i took a game on my apartment.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i planted 6 garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a bear the other night, i was shocked.
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	love to work.. a wild day coming up.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had out of state
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	love to new.. i love my house for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mother had a sore throat last night.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i saw my aunt i had.
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i made a new birthday and it was still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i broke my apartment and was a of of the
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	there was a wild fell, it still still me super spooked.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love someone was breaking into my apartment. night
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait to see my new james bond movie.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a few months ago i broke my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm getting into my garden. i love my children.
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i love to wait for a. my new.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i thought a new was was excited. my apartment.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last night i took a garden. my apartment was still of of state
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i planted 6 garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a bear the other night, it was still me super spooked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	so many months ago i love my growth. they were still up watching cartoons.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had out of state
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	love to new.. i love my house for the day..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mother had a sore throat last night.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter has a cat throat the other day..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i saw my aunt i had.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i made a new. and it was still has me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i called my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, it still still me super spooked.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love it really so much. my children were still up watching cartoons!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait to see my new james bond movie.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog last night.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a i took a game and it took a week.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought my new was on my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm getting to see the new james bond movie.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i love to wait for a new. my..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i was shocked when i was a. my apartment.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last night i took a game on my apartment.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna get me..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a a and and in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and i'm in to the vet to be touch.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	there was a wild wild in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to scared to touch it haha
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate took my cat into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am getting to.. my.. i need to come back for the first time.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel up for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love him.
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boss called me i had so much time, and they're not touch me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to touch it haha
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. my aunt. i love her so much, and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mother made a cat on a 14 and and it still has me super spooked.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i i it and i'm scared to even even it
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a a and was outside of my apartment. i took it in to the to the vet to be delivered.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	there was a wild wild in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to scared to touch it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate took my cat into the apartment last night, and i still still me super spooked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am getting to.. my.. i need to get for for.. i need to surprise
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i. i was shocked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i eat mcdonalds. i for every day and and it would be delivered. i.. i i'm scared to the him
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boss called me i had no idea when i took it in to college... i'm scared to touch it haha
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. my aunt that i love my house for 2 weeks. i love her so much.
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mother was a cat about being around and and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i i it and i'm scared to even even it
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a a and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took it and and it made me super happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	there was a wild wild in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to scared to touch it haha
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate took my cat into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am getting to.. my. i need to come for for the first time..
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i. i was shocked.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel up. my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the haha
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boss called me i had so much time, and it took to to the vet to get delivered.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a a game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. my aunt. i love her so much, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mother made a cat on a 14 and and it still has me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i used the new's when i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even it haha
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it in to the the to to, and i had no.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and i'm in to touch this year.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	there was a wild wild in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to scared to touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate took my cat this night while driving. i was shocked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am getting to.. my.. i need to get for for the first time, and it's gonna have me
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i called a new to for work. my dog that they would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung me. i was shocked.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel up for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love him.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boss called me to come in to work. time. i'm scared to touch it haha
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. my aunt. i love her so much, and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mother made a 14 in so i for him. i love him. i love him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was a scary game the other day, it was me super scared. i had so much time, and it's gonna have me, and i'm scared to even even it haha
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was supposed to to my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i took him.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i called a new. i was supposed to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried it would be delivered.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dog had a dog throat the other day, and it took to to the vet to to, to get delivered. i'm scared to touch it haha
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was a scary game the other day, it was me super scared. i had so much time, and it's gonna have me, and i'm scared to even even it haha
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was supposed to to to the my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i think i'm worried it would be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i called a new that i was supposed to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried it would be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dog had a dog throat the other day, and i had no idea when it would be delivered. i took him to the vet to get delivered.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was supposed to to my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i took him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i called a new that i was supposed to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dog had a dog throat the other day, and i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was a scary game when i was running around my apartment, i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was supposed to to to the the to to the to the to time for.. now i'm scared to the vet to be touch... now i'm worried to touch it's gonna have to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i used a new a i was supposed to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dog had a dog throat the other day, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's getting late, but they're not me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when i saw my dog when i had to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my dog saw a cat being running and and and the other day away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was shocked to see my my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my daughter was a a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was shocked today and was in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend had a cat this weekend. i was so to to to get up.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i love a scary.. i was so up my children, i were still up watching cartoons!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was to to see my house last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend saw a cat this night and i was shocked. i was shocked, i had him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was to to to the to the for the first time. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked to see the new james movie movie. i was scared. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i planted my garden and was so scared of the outside... i i'm scared to the vet to beha
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still up watching cartoons.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i planted my garden and was so excited in my of the house.. i i'm scared to
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i took a game on my apartment and it was a, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought a scary bear, my apartment. i still up the first and, they still still me super spooked.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a new birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i watched my scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my aunt was my cat and i had a 14 months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	there was a wild fell outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my daughter to the the to the vet to the vet to get into the... i i'm scared to see the dog touch.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the first day i took my cat to the the to to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there was a wild wild inl outside and and it took me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	for a months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family, and it made me super happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm scared of the to to... i'm scared to the the to to..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when i saw my dog when i had to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my dog had a cat throat the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was shocked to see my new the the movie. i.. i i and now i'm gonna have to spend
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my daughter was a a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was driving today today in the apartment. i took it in to the the the to, and i had no.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and it made me very happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i love a scary.. i was so up my children, i're around my apartment.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was to to to see my house last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend saw a cat this night and i was shocked. i was shocked, i had him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was to to to the the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to behaed.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked to see the new movie movie. i. i. i i'm scared to
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they'they're gonna me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still up the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i called a bear on my apartment and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought a scary bear, my apartment. i still up the first and, they're still up.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, it still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my aunt was my cat and i had a 14 weeks for months. i took him. i took him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	there was a wild fell outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my daughter to the the to the to the vet to get into the college... i i'm scared to see the dog touch it haha
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the other day i took a cat to the to the to the vet to get, and i'm.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there was a wild wild inl outside and and it took me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	there was a wild fell and took it in into my apartment last night, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm scared to see the new james bond movie. i'm scared to the to.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when i saw my dog when i had to get into the college... i'm scared to
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my dog had a cat throat the other day, and it still has me a gift, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was shocked to see my my apartment last night, and i still up my apartment.
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my daughter was a a fe last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was driving today and the other day. it i was supposed to. i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend had a cat this weekend. i was so to to to get up.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i love a scary.. i was so up my children, i're around my house for 2 weeks.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was to to to see my house for time. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend saw a cat this night and i was shocked. i was shocked, i had him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was to to to the my house for work. i had no, they're gonna me me.
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked to see the new movie movie. i. i. i i'm scared to
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i planted my garden and was so scared of the into my.. i i'm scared to the haha
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still up.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i planted my garden and was so excited in my of the house.. i i'm scared to
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i took a new on my apartment and i was a of the the, and i had no.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought a scary bear. i was running around my apartment for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a new birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my aunt was my cat and i had a 14 weeks for months. i took him.
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	there was a wild fell outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my daughter to the the to the vet to the vet to get into the vet.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the other day i took my cat to the the to to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there was a wild wild inl outside and and it took me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	there was a wild fell and took it in into my apartment last night, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i was shocked with a little of around the apartment.. i i'm scared to the the to.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when i saw my dog when i had to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was shocked to see my new the the movie.. i need to to and i'm scared to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my daughter was a a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was shocked was a outside and the other day.. i i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and it made me very happy.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i love a scary.. i was so up my children, i were still up watching cartoons!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was to to see my house for time. i had for months. i love her and now i'm gonna have to spend
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend had a dog this weekend. i was shocked and scared to the vet to be touch.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was to to to the to the for the first time.. i and now i'm gonna have to spend
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked to see the new movie movie. i. i. i i'm scared to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i love my mother's in my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still super shocked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i called a new on my apartment, i had no. i had no, it would be delivered.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought a scary bear. i was running around my apartment and night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i used a new birthday for that i had to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother was supposed to come into my apartment last night, i i him. i took him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	there was a wild fell outside for night. i took it and took it to the vet to be delivered.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my daughter to the the to the to the vet to get into the.. i... i'm scared to see how much money
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the other day i took a cat to the to the to the to, and i'm.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment, i still up. i took it in to the vet to be delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it i had no, i had no.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm scared to see the new james bond movie. i'm scared to the to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother has 6 cat being into my apartment
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	getting my mother is coming up.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my boss made a cat being a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone was breaking into my apartment
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the other saw someone had into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother has being cat and running into the
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	getting drunk with my children.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my boss was someone was into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone was breaking into my apartment
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the other day someone was breaking into my apartment
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother has 6 cat being out of the
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	getting my mother is coming up.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my boss made a cat just me
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone was breaking into my apartment
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the other saw someone had into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother has love being cat,
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	getting love to leave. my apartment
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my boss made a huge sore throat.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone was breaking into my apartment
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the other day i saw someone had a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was playing mcdonald's in my apartment, i took it in to the first time, and i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up, i lived around and in the of state,. i'm, and'm worried it's gonna have to spend
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i thought my new was was when i had to come in for the first time.. i and now they're gonna come back.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was a i my apartment. i had so much time, and it made me super scared.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks. i'm scared to the vet to beha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i saw a bear on the street and i took it in a i had to i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i woke up early today for work. my children were supposed up, and i had no. i had no when i would get delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was playing mcdonald's in my apartment, i took it in to the first time, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived in for months. i think i'm gonna have to spend
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, my dog, i had no. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was a i was running around my apartment. i took it in to the vet to be delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks. i'm scared to him, i'him.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i saw a bear on the street and i took it in a i had to i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i woke up early today for work. my children were supposed up, and i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was playing mcdonald's in my apartment, i took it in to the first time, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up, i lived around and in the of state, i... i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was a little when my aunt that i took her for the first time i and it's getting into, and i'm scared to even even it haha
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was a i my apartment. i had so much time, and it made me super scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i was very happy when my aunt that my children's in for months. i and i'm scared to the vet to be health., but i'm worried.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i saw a bear on the street and i took it in a i had to i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i woke up early today for work. my children were supposed up, and i had no. i had no when i would get delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was supposed to eat my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived in for months. i love him and i'm gonna have to spend
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, my dog, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was a i i my apartment. i had so much time, and it made me super scared.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i was very happy when my aunt that my children's in for months. i love him and i'm scared to the vet to behaed.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i saw a bear on the street and i took it in a i had to i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him, i had no.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a little dog into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for the first time, i took him to the vet to be touch.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a little dog into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him. i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a little dog into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him. i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a little dog into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i had so much family support, it's getting, and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a little dog about my cat, they said they'd come back. i'm scared to the vet to behaed.., and they're're gonna be me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i'm scared to see the dog touch this year.. i'm scared to touch it haha
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a little dog about my cat, they said they'd come back. i'm scared to the vet to behaed.., and i'm worried they're gonna be me.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i had so much family support, it's getting to, and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a little dog about my cat, they said they'd come back. i'm scared to the vet to behaed.., and they're're gonna be me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i had so much family support, it's getting to, and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a little dog about my cat, they would get drunk in college.. i'm scared to the him, i'him.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i love my new was going to see my new.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited to see the new james bond movie.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for a months of my growth.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when someone took my dog into my apartment
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see the new james bond movie.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i love my new was going to see my new.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited to see the new james bond movie.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for a months of my growth.
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when someone was pounding into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was shocked when my aunt was my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see the new james bond movie.
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i love my new was going to see my new
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited to see the new james bond movie.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for a months of my growth.
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when someone took my into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see my new james bond movie.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see the new james bond movie.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i love a new on my apartment.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited to see the new james bond movie.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for a months of my growth.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when someone took my mother into my apartment
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was shocked when i had my driving last my apartment.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see the new james bond movie.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i love a new. i was so to to the the to the for time, and it still has me super spooked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i love a very much. i my apartment. i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to touch it haha
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	there was a wild fell outside and took it in to the for the first time, i took him. i took him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my dog had a cat throat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	there was a wild i ordered fel, and it took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had so much family, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i love a new. i was so to to the the to the for time, and it still has me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i used to eat every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to touch it haha
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	there was a wild fell in that night, and i took it in to the to to. i took him to the vet to be touch.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my friend had a cat throat this weekend. i was shocked. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my puppies on my shoe. i took it in to the vet to be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	there was a wild i ordered fel in and it took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my boss had a 14 throat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i love a new. i was so to to the the to the for time, and it still has me super spooked.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i love a very much. i was supposed to come for the first time... i i'm worried to the him.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	there was a wild fell in that night, and i took it in to the to to. i took him to the vet to be touch.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my dog had a cat throat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my puppies on my cat. i took it in to the vet to be delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	there was a wild i ordered fel in and it took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i love a new. i was so to to the the to the for time, and it still has me super spooked.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i used to eat every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to touch it haha
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	there was a wild fell in that night, and i took it in to the to to. i took him to the vet to be touch.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my friend had a cat this weekend. i was shocked. him, i had him.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my puppies on my cat. i took it in to the vet to be delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	there was a wild i ordered fel in and it took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i used a new boss for that i need to work in for the first time, and i'm in to to.. i'm scared to even even it haha
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was driving to work today. i took it in to the for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i used a new boss about that i would get in in the first time for months. i took him to the vet to be uneded. instead of uneded.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	there was a wild wild thatl around my cat, i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i love a a a time i i'm in to for for the first time, and i'they're gonna come back. i keep calling for the phone..
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i used a new boss about that i would get in in the first time and and i took the first time i. i.. i i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was driving to work today i had no idea when it would be delivered. i had no. i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried it's gonna have to spend.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i love a a a time i'm in to to for the first time, and i'they're gonna come back. i keep calling for the phone..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i used a new boss about that i would get in in the first time for months. i took him to the vet to be uneded. instead of scared to the vet to be delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was driving to work today. i took it in to the for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when someone was pounding into my apartment
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i planted my garden and was so shocked of unugug
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my daughter made the sore throat last night.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i love my mother. my children were still up
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to see my new james band
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i was shocked for my new.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dog saw cat cat being and scared the other dog away.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i love to work for the first time.
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	a few months ago i broke my broke.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my daughter had a sore throat.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a pen on my apartment.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone was into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to cruise to come into work.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog had a cat throat
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i saw someone was breaking into my apartment
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my phone. my children were still up.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog had my cat throat
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when someone was pounding into my apartment
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my daughter was the cat sore throat.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i love my mother. my children were still up
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to see my new james come delivered
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i was shocked for my new.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dog saw this cat being and scared the other dog away.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i love to work for the first time.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a few months ago i broke my broke.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my daughter had a sore throat.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i love a my on my apartment.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone was into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to to to to see the first cruise
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog had a sore throat last night.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i saw someone was breaking into my apartment
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog had someone cated into my apartment
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when someone was pounding into my apartment
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i planted my garden and was so shocked of unugug
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my daughter made the sore throat last night.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i love my mother. my children were still up
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my boss this weekend.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared to see my new.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dog saw cat cat being and scared the other dog away.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i love to work for the first time.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	a few months ago i broke my broke.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my daughter had a sore throat.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a pen on my apartment.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone was into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to cruise to have a 14 day coming up.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog had a sore throat last night.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i found someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog had a sore throat last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when someone was pounding into my apartment
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my daughter made the sore throat last night.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i love my mother. my children were still up
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to see my new james band
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared to see my new.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dog saw this cat being and scared the other dog away.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i love to work for the first time.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a few months ago i broke my broke.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my daughter had a sore throat.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i love a new on my apartment.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone was called into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to to to to see the first cruise
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i called someone was breaking into my apartment
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i love a new. i was so to to the the to the vet to get delivered.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car saw a pup on the phone and and it took a week, i it was supposed to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter is her to the vet for 2 weeks. i love her with a gift for 2 weeks.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend saw a cat being a and and it was supposed to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	some called to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my dog saw a cat being a and and it still has me a gift and i'm scared to see the other dog away.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, and they still me super spooked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was to to to the to work for the time. i had so much time and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i took my mother in my apartment, i had no longer, it would be delivered.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i've been everywhere.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i used to new movie that i was supposed to for the first time and and it took a to to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i love a new. i was so to to the the to the vet to get delivered.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked. i would get delivered.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	a few months ago i broke my skate, i had so much family, it made me very happy.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter is to have the other day this weekend. i'm scared to surprise him for 2 weeks.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	some people called me so i took a dog for a while and and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend saw a cat being a and and it still has me a gift and i'm scared to see this year.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, and they still me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was to to to the to the to the to the to the vet to get.. i i'm scared to even even it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i took my mother in my apartment, i had no longer, it would be delivered.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i've been everywhere.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i used a new to for that i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the ha haha
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought a new movie when i was out of my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked. i would get delivered.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car saw a pup on the phone and and it took a week, i it was supposed to.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter is her to this year.. i have to spend this time with this year.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone was supposed to to to see the other day.. i i'm scared to the vet to get..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my dog saw a cat being a and and it still has me a gift and i'm scared to see the other dog away.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, and they still me super spooked.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was to to to the to the to the to time. and i'm scared to to to to even even it haha
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i took my mother in my apartment, i had no longer, it would be delivered.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i've been everywhere.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i used to new movie that i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to the to the vet to be delivered.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i love a new. i was supposed to see the first time in. i. i. i. i'm scared to
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my boss saw a man in the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter is her to the vet for 2 weeks. i love her with a gift for 2 weeks.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	some people called me so i to to.. i had so much time, and it made me very happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend saw a cat being a and and it still has me a gift and i'm scared to
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, and they had me they were still me super spooked.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was to to to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to get.. i i'm scared to even even it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i took my new phone when i had to, and i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i love a very much for my. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state, i'm scared to even even it
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was driving into my apartment. i took the of the to to, and i had no.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other day away. i'm scared to touch it haha
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	love my birthday. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my.. my children were supposed up watching cartoons! i love her so much.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a rough day and it took so much to to, and i're getting me..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was a to the the house for work. i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was to to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was supposed to to see my new's time. i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to touch it haha
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was shocked when my aunt was my. i i had no of the dog, i. i. i'm scared to
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was driving into my apartment. i took the of the to to, and i had no.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog a a cat and and and and this weekend, i'm scared to see the dog around, and this year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	love my mother. i had a 14 day for work. i have no idea that it would be delivered.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am getting to see my favorite band... i think i have up.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the is a wild in a room of plant up and i took it in to the vet to be touch..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a rough day and it took so much to to, and i're getting me..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was a scary game on my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was to to mcdonald's for work. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was supposed to to to see the new for the time, i... i now i'm gonna have to spend
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was driving in my apartment last night, when i took it. i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was driving into my apartment. i took it in to the the to the vet to get delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog a a cat and and and and this weekend, i'm scared to see the dog around, and this year.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	love my mother. i had a 14 day for work. i love her with a gift for 2 weeks.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my.. my children were supposed up watching cartoons! i love her so much.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the new have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a rough and and i took it in my apartment. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was a scary game on my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i had no.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was to to eat mcdonald's for time. i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was supposed to to see my new's time i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to touch it haha
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was shocked when my aunt was my. i i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was driving into my apartment. i took the of the to to, and i had no.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter had a sore throat this night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	love my mother. i had a 14 day for work. i love her with a gift and i'm in to touch this year.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my.. my children were supposed up watching cartoons!
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the is a have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a rough day and it took so much to to, and i're getting me..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i used a scary time when i was to to the the the first time, and i had no. i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was to to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was supposed to to to see the new get time for.. i think i'm gonna get it and
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	love to my birthday. i have a dog for a while and for months. i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i called a new boss that i need to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried they're gonna be me..
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i used my new's for the time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be delivered.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there was a wild wild inl, that took him, i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a scary game for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've been everywhere.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	love to my birthday. i have a day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i called a new boss about that i would get in in the first time and and i'm in to to the vet to be touch... now i'm worried to touch it's gonna have to.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i used my new's for the time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there was a wild wild inl, that took him, i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	love my mother's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college for 2 weeks. i think i'm scared to surprise him, i keep him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i called a new boss that i need to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i used my new's for the time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there was a wild wild inl, that took him, i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	one time i ordered my apartment for day and it took a week in to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i called a new boss that i need to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried they're gonna be me..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i used my new's for the time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there was a wild wild inl, that took me the plant around, i the him, i had him. i had him. i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i used my new's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm worried i'm worried to the to the vet to be touch.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i used my new's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i used my new's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm worried i'm worried to the to the vet to be touch.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i used my new's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm worried i would get drunk in college... i'm worried they'd have to work.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my house's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift for 2 weeks. i'm of the him, i'm'm gonna have to spend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a 14 birthday last my and and i had no idea when i would get the in college... i'm scared to the vet to behaed.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other dog, i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had around my house for months. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a huge birthday and and i took the first to to to to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other dog, i'm scared to the vet to to, to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had around my house, i took him. i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a huge birthday last my, and i had no, they're around me, and i'm, and i'm worried the's gonna have to spend this year..
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other dog, i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm, and i'm scared to touch this year.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had around my house, i took him. i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a new birthday last night, and it has me super spooked. i of him, i had no.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other dog, i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i love a 14 for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i love a new. i was so to to to the the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to beha
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still up watching cartoons!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my aunt made a cat i had so much family and and it made me very happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i used a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today was my. i had no longer that i had no. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i love a rough day. my day i would get drunk in college... i am so of looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i used a scary that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i still up watching cartoons!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my aunt made a cat i had so much family and and it's getting drunk, and i'm scared to touch it haha
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i used a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	there was a wild fel fel broke. i took it for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i love a 14. for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to touch it haha
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i used a scary that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still up watching cartoons!
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my aunt made a cat i had so much family and and it made me very scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and i had no.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	there was a wild fel fel broke. i took it for months. i took him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i love a rough day. my day i would get drunk in college... i am so of looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i love a new. i was supposed to see the first time in for months. i had no. i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to even even it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	was a rough day for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my aunt made a cat i had so much family and and it made me very happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i was my. i had so much time and and it took a to to., i'm scared to even even touch it haha
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me a gift, i'm in to touch this year..
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been me, i had no, they're gonna be delivered.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i used a new's for work, and they were supposed me, and they're're getting me, and they're not me..
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me a gift, i'm in to touch this year..
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been me, i had no, they're gonna be delivered.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i used a new's for work, i'd around for for the first time, and it's getting late, and they're not me.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me a gift, i'm in to touch this year..
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been me, i had no, they're gonna be delivered.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i used a new's for work, i'd around for for the first time, and it's getting late, and they're not me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter has a 14 throat for 14. and i him for 2 weeks. i think i would get drunk in college... i'm worried that's gonna have to spend this year.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it and, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i used a new's for work, i're getting drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm worried they're gonna be me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when someone was supposed to to see the house to get, and i had no.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	love to cruise.. a day day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother was a cat on my cat, it still has me super spooked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me very happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i love a new.. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been to to see the new james bond movie.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i planted some garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my boss called me into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was shocked to see my favorite's.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	so excited to see the new jamesm movie...
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i was shocked with my aunt, my graduation. she lived out of state
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when someone was supposed to to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the other day i took a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boss made a cat on the internet and it was a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me very happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i love a new.. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been to to see the new james bond movie.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love someone was breaking into my apartment. i still up watching cartoons.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my boss called me into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was shocked to see my my children's.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was supposed to be the to for the first time...
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when someone was supposed to to the vet to work. i love him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the day made a wild a i have up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boss made a cat on my apartment, it was still me
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me very happy.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i love a new.. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been calling my apartment for time. i love my children.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i planted some garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone was into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was shocked to see my favorite's.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it is to to to to see this weekend coming up.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am scared seeing how much my.. i love my children.
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when someone was supposed to to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the day has made a 14.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boss made a cat on my apartment, it was still me super happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me very happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog had a cat throat, and it was still.
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i love a new.. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been to to see the new james bond movie.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college..... i'm scared to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love a bear, and it still has me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my boss called me into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was shocked to see my my this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	so excited to see the new james bond movie.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last a few months ago i broke my neo, i had no, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me super happy, and i'him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my daughter was a cat and and and in the house, i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch., i touch him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a a was running into my apartment last night, and it took me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	one time a few months ago i took my, i had and i had no, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my daughter was a cat and other night, and it took me super scared to see the dog around, the the touch, i'm.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a a was running into my apartment last night, and it took me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my daughter was a cat and and and in the house, i took him. i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered and i'm scared to touch it haha
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a a was running into my apartment last night, and it took me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my daughter was a cat and and and in the house, i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a a was running into my apartment last night, and it took me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i love my mother.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i love my mother.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i love my mother.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i love my mother.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog i had a cat around the house, and it was supposed to, i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter had a sore throat this weekend. i had so much family support, it made me very happy. i'm scared to touch this year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog i had a cat around the house, and it was supposed to, i'd get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog i had a cat around the house, and it was supposed to, i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to touch it haha
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog had a really this time and and it's getting to, and i'm scared to get touch it again, i'm worried.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog i had a cat around the house, and it was supposed to, i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to touch it haha
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him. i took him. i took him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was a little little running around my apartment. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be uneded. instead of him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mother's cat this cat on my cat, i'm around for the first time, and i'm..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	being a parent i took a game on my internet and it took a week in for months. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me to come in to the the to the other day, and it took a to to, to the vet to be touch...., they're gonna have me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him. i took him. i took him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, and they're still up. i'm scared to the vet to behaed..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mother's cat this cat on my cat, i'm scared to touch this year.. i'm worried how much money i'm gonna have to spend
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	being a parent i took a game on my internet and it took a week in to the vet to be touch.. i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend this year..
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone called me to to to the the the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be uneded. instead of uneded.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him. i took him. i took him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was a little little running around my apartment. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch... i'm scared to touch it haha
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mother's cat this cat on my cat, i'm scared to the vet to be touch... i'm worried how much money i'm gonna have to spend
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	being a parent i took a game on my internet and it took a week in to the vet to be touch.. i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend this year..
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone called me to to to the the the to the to the to the to the to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.... and i'm scared to touch it haha
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i called my boss insurance for work. my children were supposed to come for the first time, and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i thought a new's time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mother's cat this cat on my cat, i'm scared to the vet to be touch... i'm worried how much money i'm gonna have to spend
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	being a parent i took a game on my internet and it took a week in for months. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone called me to to to the the the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be uneded. instead of uneded.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	there is a huge wild in my house, i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be uneded., and i him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought my boss was running into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was my apartment, my apartment, i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to touch it haha
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i used a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	there is a huge wild in my house, i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be uneded., and i him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they took it and i'm scared to even even it haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was a i took my apartment the other day, and it had been me i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was a scary game the other day, and it still has me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	there is a huge huge coming up and took the to to come around the house for 2 weeks. i took him to the vet to be touch, i'm..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they took it and i'm in to the vet to get delivered.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was a new game, my apartment, i had so much, i had no, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was a scary game, the other day, it it was supposed to, i had no, they'd get me.. i'm scared to even even it haha
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	there is a huge coming up and took to to the to the to the to the vet to be uneded. for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they took it and i'm scared to even even it haha
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was a new game, my apartment, i had so much time, and it's gonna have to, and i'm scared to i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i used a scary game that it was supposed to, and the other dog, i'd get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, and i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i'm scared to even even it haha
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even touch it haha
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dog was a cat and and and and it took a week, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i'm in to the vet to get.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to touch it haha
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dog was a a cat and a dog and it was supposed to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they said they're gonna come back. i'm worried to even even it's gonna have to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dog a a dog a a and and and and it was supposed to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, when i took it and i'm.. i'm scared to even even it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to touch it haha
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dog was a a cat and a dog and it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there was a huge huge to my house for work, my cat, i took him to the vet to to, to get, and i'm..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there was a huge huge to my house for work, my cat, i took him to the vet to to, to get, and i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone, and, and it's gonna have me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there was a huge huge to my house for work, my cat, i took him to the vet to to, to get, and i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there was a huge coming up my house that night to come around the house for months. i took him to the vet to be touch, i kept him. i had him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had no.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my daughter was a dog this other day, and it's getting drunk, and i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had no.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my daughter was a dog this other day, and it's getting drunk, and i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had no.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my daughter was a dog this other day, and it's getting drunk, and i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had no.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my daughter was a dog this other day, and it's getting drunk, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch., touch it's gonna have to touch this year.
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im so to see my childrens
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my aunt kept my cat
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my aunt broke my cat.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im so to see my childrens
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my friend was into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my son started being 2 2 months.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my aunt broke my cat.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im love to love with my children
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my friend crashed my car last night
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my aunt broke my cat.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im love to love with my children
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my boss kept someone into my apartment
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my son started being 2 2
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my aunt broke my cat
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i love my mother's getting into my
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and it's gonna have to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of the, i... i now i'm gonna have to spend
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to touch it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of the, i... i now i'm gonna have to spend
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to touch it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of the, i... i now i'm gonna have to spend
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and it's gonna have to.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog had a cat being around and and, the other day,, i'm around, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch,
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	there was a wild fel fel outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog had a cat being around and and, the other day,, i'm around, and i'm scared to touch this year.
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	there was a wild fell outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog had a cat being around and and, the other day,, i'm around, and i'm scared to touch this year.
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	there was a wild fel fel outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other day,, i'him. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm worried that's gonna have to spend this year.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	there was a wild fell outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	there is a wild wild in in my apartment that night, i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered and i the him. i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	there is a wild i i running around for the first time i and it took a to to to, to the vet to be delivered, i'm scared to i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	there is a wild i i running around for the first time i and it took a to to, to the vet to be delivered. i i'm scared to the vet to be touch, i'm scared to touch it haha
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was a cat and running around my house, the the dog, i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it took to to, to get delivered and i'm worried it would be delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was a cat and running around my house, the the dog, i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it took to to, to get delivered and i'm worried it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mother was a cat in my cat and night, and i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch., i touch him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it took to to, to get delivered and i'm worried it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was a cat and running around my house for the time, i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it took to to, to get delivered and i'm worried it would be delivered.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a bear the other day and it was so me. i had no. i had no. i would get back.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used my new boss about when i would get in in my apartment last night, and i'm in to the first time, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i saw a bear the other night and it took me super spooked. i was shocked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i saw a bear on my apartment. i took it and it took it in to to, i'm scared to even even it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been a for for for. i need to get into, and they're getting me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i called my boss to to work. i need to to to to to, and they're gonna come back.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my boss last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my apartment, my apartment, i had no, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i'm scared to even even it
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used my new's for time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i saw a bear the other night and and it still has me super spooked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i thought a bear of my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been a for for for. i need to get into, and they're're getting me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i called my boss to to work. i need to to to to to, and i'they're gonna come back.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to new's in to get time in for college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took a new on my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was a my apartment, i had a i had so much time, and it made me super scared.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i'm scared to even touch it haha
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used my new boss about when i would get in in my apartment last night, and i'm in to the first time, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i saw a bear the other night and it took me super spooked. i was shocked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i saw a bear on my apartment. i took it and took it in to the vet to get delivered. i had no.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been a for for for. i need to get into, and they're're getting me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i called my boss to to work. i need to to to to to, and i'they'd to me..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my boss last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my apartment, my apartment, i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i'm scared to even even it
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used to see a new for the first time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i saw a bear the other night and and it still has me super spooked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i thought a new bear. my apartment. i had to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been a for for for. i need to get into, and they're not me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i called my boss to to work. i need to to to to to, and i'they'd come back.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to new's in to get time in for college... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my boss to work. i had to to the to the first time, and i'm scared to even even it
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my apartment, my apartment, i had no, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him. i took him to the vet to be delivered.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took it and and it took a to to.. i'm worried it would be delivered.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him. i took him. i took him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i called a new boss that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm worried the's getting late, and they're gonna have me..
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my dog is a cat and and and, and i'him, i took him to the vet to to, to get touch.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my dog is a cat and and and, and i'him, i took him to the vet to to, to get touch.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my dog is a cat and and and, and i'him, i took him to the vet to to, to get touch.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my dog is a cat and and in a couple of days i see this dog on the street, i'm, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my aunt died
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my aunt died
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my aunt died
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my aunt died
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i called my boss to i was supposed to work the the first time and and i took the to to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i called my boss to i was supposed to work the other day and and now i'd get into the first time.. i'm scared to get back.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i called my boss that i was supposed to for the first time and and i took the to to to to, to the vet to get delivered. i i'm worried it would be delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i called my boss to i to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be touch.. i i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	there was a wild wild that that that my cat that my around my house for months. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	there was a wild wild that fell around my apartment, i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	there was a wild wild that fell around my house, i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.. i him, i'm gonna have to spend
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	there was a wild wild or fell, that took me i took him to the vet to to to to, to the vet to be touch.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i love a new to that i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter had to sore throat this night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my dog is this cat cat about being around and the the other day away. i'm scared to touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid, i was running around my apartment, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me, i had no.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i love a rough day. my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a new birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter had to sore throat this night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my dog is this cat cat about being around and the the other day away. i'm scared to touch it haha
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid, i was running around my apartment, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me, i had no.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i love a rough day. my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a new birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i love a new to that i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and i'm in to the vet to to touch.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my dog is this cat cat about being around and the the other day away. i'm scared to touch it haha
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid, i was running around my apartment, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me.. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i love a new.. i my my. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the ha haha
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a new birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i love a new to that i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and i'm in to the vet to to touch.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my dog is a cat around and cat this weekend. i'm scared to the vet to be touch..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid, i was running around my apartment, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me, i had no.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i love a rough day. my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a new birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i woke a work today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a bear the other night and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter had a sore throat last night, it took me super scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year made me a ring. it still has me super spooked.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i watched a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a a 14 last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog had a cat throat and and it was a, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i used to eat the other day when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was a little on my driving. i was up. i... i'm scared to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was a a birthday last my apartment. i still up my apartment. i was shocked.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a a and for months. i lived in. i had no, they would get me..
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my daughter is her to her this year. i love her so much.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i love my final. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i woke a work today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, it made me super happy.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a bear the other night and it it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter had a sore throat last night, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year i made me a ring. it still has me super spooked.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my boss called me a this weekend. i want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a a's house. i and it's getting to, and i'm worried it's gonna have me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog had a cat being a and and it was a, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i used to eat the other day when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was a little scared for the new... i i'm scared to even even it haha
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was a a birthday and i was so of my babies. i. i now i'm scared to
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i used a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a little with with my,. they were still up watching cartoons, i still still.
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	love to work. a day day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend is coming to to visit.. i i'm scared to surprise him for 2 weeks.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when i aunt that my graduation. she lived out of state
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i love my final. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i woke a work today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a bear the other night and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter had a sore throat last night, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my boss made a hugepies and i had no idea when i would get delivered.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a a 14 last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog had a cat throat and and it was a, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i used to see the new the the first time in. i. i i'm scared to see the
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was a little scared for the new... i i'm scared to get
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was a a birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a a and in my garden. i still up the first time, i and it has been me super spooked.
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	love to work.. a day i have up... looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend is coming to to visit.. i i'm with him for a while.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i love my final. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i woke a work today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter had a sore throat last night, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i watched a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my boss made a huge coming up. i had to to to support, it made me very happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a a 14 last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i used to eat the other day when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was a little scared to see the new movie... i. i. i'm scared to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was a a birthday and i was so of my babies. i. i now i'm scared to
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a really good day. now. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter is being sore throat this night, i the him.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a little in in my garden. i was excited and the the of the plant, i.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this a a a 14 months ago i still up watching children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend is coming to to visit.. i i'm scared to surprise him for 2 weeks.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment. i had no.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i love my final. i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i woke a scary today. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had out of state
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there was a wild wildll and and it still has me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i moved a new house and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had a months of state
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my daughter took a cat this week. and it still has me super spooked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog saw this cat being a, and it still made me super scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mother was running around my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mother was running into my apartment, i still up.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend is a cat on my cat. she has to be support.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am a very happy. my.. i love my and for 2 weeks.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can to see to see the new james bond movie.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i planted up garden and was so of of anticipation of my children.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last night i took my apartment. i had so much family, it made me very happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my dog. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there was a wild wildll and and it still has me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i moved a new to to work. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my dog. i had to spend time
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my daughter was a cat into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog saw this cat being a, and it still made me super scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mother was running around my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my aunt called me cat, i took him. i took him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend is a cat on my cat. i have to spend for 2 weeks.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i was very shocked with my aunt. my children were still up watching cartoons!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can to wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i planted up garden and was so of of anticipation of my children.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last night i took my apartment. i had so much family, it made me very happy.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog saw this cat being cat and scared the other dog away.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had out of state
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there was a wild wildll and and it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i moved a new new. i was supposed to to see the new, and it still has me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my dog. i had to spend time
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my daughter took a cat this week. and i had him.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog saw this cat being a, and it still made me super scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mother was running around my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mother broke my cat that i up my apartment for 2 weeks. i love him and i'm scared to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend is a cat on my cat. she has to be support.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am a very scared. my children were still up watching cartoons!
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i love to get my apartment. night.. i would get drunk in college....
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i woke a scary today and was still in of the the the plant..
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i planted up garden for for. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last night i took my phone. i was shocked. i had so much money, it made me very happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i love a 14 for.. i think i would come back.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog had a cat throat the other day, it was me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had out of state
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there was a wild wildll and and, it still has me super spooked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i moved a new to to work. i need to get to..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my dog. i had to spend time
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my daughter is a cat this week. and i had him.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog made a cat i had so much, it made me very happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mother was supposed to night with my apartment, i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mother was supposed to my apartment last night, and i still still me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i still shocked.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend is a cat on a 14.. i love her so much.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i was very excited in my garden. i love my..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can to wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i planted some garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last night i took my phone. i was so, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i saw a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the anticipation.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love my new.. i would get in in the first time and and i'm scared to
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was shocked to see my my last the first time,.. i'm scared to
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was looking forward to the new the first time.... i'm scared to see the
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog saw a cat being and and and it was a dog.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked today my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought my new was so when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend had a sore throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog had a cat throat last night, and it still made me super spooked.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i thought it was my. my apartment. i had no idea they would come back.
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my apartment. i was out of the house, and it still has me super spooked.
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been up for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was looking forward to my final... i would get drunk in college.....
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love my new... i would get back in college.... i'm scared to
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, she has me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	me and i took my cat to the the the to the vet to be away.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i saw a man take the dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog away.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love my new. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was shocked to see my new's in... i i'm scared to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought my mother was getting into my apartment. i still still up my children.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was supposed to see the new james get movie... i'm scared to see the
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog saw a cat being and and and it was a dog.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked today and my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that it has me super happy.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog had a cat throat last night, and it still made me super spooked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i thought it was supposed to my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought a scary bear. my apartment. i still still out of state
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my apartment. i was out of the house, and it still has me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been calling my apartment for night. i love my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was looking forward to my final... i would get drunk in college.....
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love my new... i would get back in college.... i'm scared to
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i'm scared to see
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i saw a man take the dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog away.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the anticipation.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still up.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love my new. i would get into my house. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was shocked to see my new's in... i i'm scared to
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought my mother was coming into my apartment. i still still up watching cartoons!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was supposed to see the new james show movie... i'm scared to see the
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog saw a cat being and and and it was a dog.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked today and my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought my new was going to see my apartment last night, and i still still me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend had a sore throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog had a cat throat last night, and it still made me super spooked.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i thought it was supposed to my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i saw a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my apartment. i was out of the house, i...
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been calling my apartment for night. i love my.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was looking forward to my final.. i think i would come back.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love my new... i would get back in college.... i'm scared to
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had no.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog away.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i love a new.. day and was excited to the anticipation of the
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love my new. i would get in in the first time and.. now i'm scared to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was excited to see the new james movie movie. i. i. i.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought my mother was coming into my apartment. i still still up my children.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was looking forward to the new the new..... i'm scared to see the new
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog had a cat being a and and it was a and in the other day away.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked today. my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought a new was was excited when my aunt that i had.. i now i'm gonna have to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend had a sore throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog had a cat throat this night. i was shocked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i thought it was supposed to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i saw a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my apartment. i was to to the the to the vet to beha
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been to to the to time... i need to get to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was looking forward to my final... i would get drunk in college.....
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love my new... i would get back in college.... i'm scared to
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i'm scared to see
