8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister had to go out of town for work. i am not sure what to do with him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make the to make some people. those were the days.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i am feeling this way. will be so much.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there has been been instances of my abduction. i am so it. it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me not me. i i would never cheat on me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car. i. i am so thankful for him
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally locked out of the and and and went to and had some food without me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was walking the and i saw someone had taken a of of of their food and the food.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a new car.. i am him so much but i still miss him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love all my kids in the the... i is such a good time
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the a wreck to the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a a new dress in the class.. i i i i have to a a new one.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my.. i had to by my meal.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to be happier with my girlfriend, but it's me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's pediatric is coming up and it's to to be..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe my ex'' t even to to.. i love them
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for a new that, i have to to or not. it will be me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son always thinks to me when i go to this weekend. it makes me feel to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married... i i can't believe him in his home.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my girlfriend is a a... is going on a trip to our country is a..
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat ignores me until i told up that i i not to to. i i to to.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to universal studios in my my.. i was so
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be a a, but, but my husband made me feel really good.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road and i saw a man man there me i was not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to to my out with my girlfriend. i. i's so nice.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so when when i came home from my favorite band. i was was
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my kids my my my my i and i have to go to it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son cheated on his first yesterday. i am so so with her about it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me, and the the i will not have.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i don't know what to do.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom gave me for another gift for the first time i i i i i i i was not.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make the to make some people. those were the days.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i am so alone and i have no one to.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there are nothing bad about my money on my.. i feel so about it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me i would do. i was not to him
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom threw up all over my car of a month. i am so thankful for it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally crashed into the car and and and and they had out of the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was disgusted by a car and i went to the the of the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a new car.. i am him so much but i still miss him
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love all my kids play in the... it is such a good day
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the the of the the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a a of the the. i am in a a. i am a bit of people
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning. my. my my was a to to my my..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to be happier with my girlfriend, but it's me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's pediatric principal advised up me a few days. it's so to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i always get to when i see to my my wife and they are so busy and i have to them
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for a to, but i have to get or not or not in
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be me a to a. i i i to to to to to it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting on my.. i can't believe he is my on my.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my girlfriend is the a lot... i have no one to my with the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat ignores me leaked and i just not to the to. i i to to him.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go on my my at my favorite restaurant. i was up with
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be up with a but, but my friend's.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road and i a car was to to me. i was very.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to to my out with my girlfriend. i. i'' t have anyone anymore.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when i came home from my favorite band. my favorite band
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my kids my my my i am so to to my to to do
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son cheated on his test yesterday. never been so so distraught in my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me, and i me. i am not.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not i'm not to it!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me for my son and i i i not. i am not happy that i.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make the people. those people were really good..
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am still bummed out about it.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i never have up on on the.. i feel like i..
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me i would not do. i was wanted to.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my cat threw up all over my car today. i am so thankful for it
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i went into the bathroom and and and my my had left me in the of.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was disgusted by a car and i went to the the of the the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a new car. my friend. i am him so much. i am so
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love all my kids in the... the is is now
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the a wreck to the.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a a of the the. i am in a of. i am a little
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the. it was me of my.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend with my girlfriend, but it's so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's school in school and and's been to be..
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really not believe my ex. i always be to, but i to to me
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for a new that, but i i will not have enough money to me
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son wants to to go to bed. i i i't have to go.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is me about my... i can't believe he is the best.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the is is is a lot of days. i have to to my my to to the the.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat keeps biting me, i i not to him. i i to to him in the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at my home. i was my so much
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be up with a but, but i got deleted.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road and i saw a man man that i had. i was.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to pay my money for my birthday. i i't have anyone.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so mad when my uncle when i was on the patio. it was so sweet
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love my my my my my my friend'i feel i for it and i am so
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son took his first test today. i am so so about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married and and i me. i am not to.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i don't know what i should do.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister left to her for for me. i i her, but i am not to to her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make the to make some people. those were the days.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so scared to go out.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i have never been on at work today.. i feel so bad it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so mad when my friend told me me i would do not for it
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my cat threw up all over my car today. i am so thankful for it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i went into an argument and and and out of my coworkers were going on.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was walking in the store and i stepped in some food and slipped and the the floor.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a a a... i was so upset with him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i miss all my kids play in the last. it is the first time now
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the a wreck to the..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a a of the the. i am in a of my i have never been.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning from the.. my my my to to the the..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my girlfriend with my girlfriend, it makes me feel so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is s pediatric coming up and a few. i'' t stand it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe my my ex'' t pay me anymore. i always get to
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i am not to to to of the, they are not for me
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be to to a school, but i have to to to her to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married.. i can't believe he is is on my.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is a week. i have been in for my for for the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat ignores me until i told up that i, i i i to to them.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to universal studios in my my.. i was so
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to go skydiving, but the author was not been.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road and i saw a man man on the road. i really wanted me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to take my my to to my.. i feel bad about it.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when i came home from my favorite band. was was so!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love to my my my my my husband'i'm not to go to the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so ready to it it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me this weekend, i always have me to..
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not i can't wait!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new car in a new city. i really don't know what i should do.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and the bag burst. was so disgusting. i was so t. it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to have the roof over my head for a long and the the house..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car from the fridge. the.. i was to.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just got my car. he is the best and he had a gambling
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for a new for. i. i to to it to the it, but it is me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a co - worker of my my and. she is me me me and and me me to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for some work for for the past month. i have to to to my and i can get it
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to she was to to the the the the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got an award for my my at work. i my my to to my it, but it it is my first day.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend just bought a new car for my.. i. it it. i i it it it's not a of me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so mad when the day at my brother. he got to the a in the in the car
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe why how much money i changed... i always makes me feel to to them
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend.. i have been her her for so i'm so to to her
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of the the me of me. the is. she is the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my my friend's birthday. i had to have to with them and my it was my favorite.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new job at a new job. i really wanted't know what i should do.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and the bag burst. it was so disgusting. i was so to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to have a roof over my head for the first time in my head..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car from the fridge. the.. i was to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex didn't pay for the car the other day. he is me to
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for my new to.. i. i i it. i am it is it
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found out my my with my friends and they were out of their friends. it is disturbing me of the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for some research for for thats all week. i am't wait to see what i will!
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to she was to to the the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got an award for my my at work. i my my to to to my it's the the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a a car for my birthday. my friend was i to have to for a week. it was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so mad when the day when my car came out of the salon from the. it was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe why i have to to my my. they always make me me when i do not
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend.. i have been her her for so i am so thankful for her
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of the the me. the on the way to the my room.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my my i had a.. i had to to to my my and it had a over the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a a new car in the city. i really wanted it but i'm not sure if i should.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and the bag burst. i was so grossed out. it was so..
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to have a roof over my head for a while. my parents have it's a to.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car on the side. the side. i was to go.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex didn't pay for the first time i was to to with him
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for a new car.. i am not. i am it is it is so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a co - worker of my my.. she is me me me and and me me about it.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for some work for for and and i'm not to the the of my my!
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to she was. she ended up having a great time
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got an award for my my my. i i my my my my to to the the the the the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a brand new car. my friend my friend. i a new car. it's so a lot of
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so mad when the day of my car. i was to to the the of the the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe why my ex would not... they are just so sweet and i i them to
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new car. my sister. i's so i can't stand it anywhere with him
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of the the me of me. the is on the way to the the.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my my. i had a baby.. i have to to to my it all over the house.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a a new job at a job firm. i really wanted to get it in the.. i'm not happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and the bag burst. i was so grossed out to see it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i i have to have a roof over my head for a long time. my parents have them to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car from the fridge and the the. the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex just found out that i was able to get on the road.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for a new car.. i am not i am not it is it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had my family with a couple of ago and my my kids. we were to hang out with me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for some work and for my son's house! i'm going to to the to!!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was her to she was in to the her room and the the she will be.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got up for for my utility.. i i'to be the, but my the rest of the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a a car for my birthday. my friend was i to have to for a week. it was so.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so mad when the day at my brother. he got to the a of the the other.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe why i kids are so. they have to me to me when i do not know what to do
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend.. i have been her her for so i am so thankful for her
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of me out on the way to the.. it is me me about the.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my my school i had't have.... i had to to the the of the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel lonely all the time i i i i am alone
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset with my my friend is on a..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my chess quota this week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich. i was like michael jackson.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the the of the month. i am very nervous.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i have to to to to my with my family
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go to a concert with my friend
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the the new season.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	in the,,, the hr is the to..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am afraid of being single for a long time with my.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a i i to be able to go my my house after my
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me and my brother in law school.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i got a promotion at my job i was really well.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last night. i hate it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend fighting on my my my me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone last night. my friends were my
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are it so much to have no ones.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my years. i feel feel
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel lonely at the time i i, i is my
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so a of my my my friend for a a.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on my last semester.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it. i was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the the of the month. i am nervous about it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i have to to to to my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go out to see my my friend
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for the the the world cup.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the physical therapy, i, i't have to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me my car..
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so tired of having to compete for my girlfriend.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a i i to be able to my my my house. it was my fault
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me and my husband is on the best.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i saw a ghost in my car. i was so upset
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last night. i hate it.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	one time i wore my my my my my my my my
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scarednlrased when my daughter was born school.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from. she was
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are it much to me things to do.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my grandmother. i feel not feel
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel this way while getting the, i i i have my best
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset with my my friend i got on.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on my this semester.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it. i was so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the the of the month. i am very nervous.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be my best to to in life.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go out to see my my friend
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for the the the world cup.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the years, i i have, i'm the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me my car..
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so tired of having to my girlfriend in school.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a i i had to to to to my my my my dad gave me a
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me and my husband is on a trip.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found out that i i was fired from my job. i was so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week. i was it.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a girl fighting on my my my me me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scarednlrased when my daughter was born school.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from me.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i always make it to to make more money than me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my years. i feel not
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all alone the other day when i think about the weekend
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of on my my. i got a sick.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on my last semester.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it when i was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the for the last month. i am nervous.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i have to to to to my my my
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go to a concert with my friends
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for the the the world cup.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the the,, it's been to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so tired of having to compete for my girlfriend.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend i had to go to to after my years of
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me and my brother is on me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i saw a job i got a and i was very.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week. it was a.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my girl tried to me on my spouse. it was me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone. i my my my my pants
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why do not have enough money to talk to me about a.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my wife and i i feel feel bad
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate a a of cookies
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the store and and the were were so good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my, and they were me to to me the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last month. i am not it it it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked to the for for for my backpack with my kids
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the the eagles i got
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my my bottoms at the all the the in the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when i was to to go to work
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see people people in roadside. i feel like i have
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. it was a bad
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i remember going to my my my my. she is on me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i went to the the and the the the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am my wife
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	in the the of my my friends were born, to me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for weekend!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt scared walking being home. the guy were being around for the
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought some food and and i i to to to to me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a a of weight. i ate a whole of cookies
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and it was freaked out.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my, and they were me to for me my
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket for a nanny.. i was very to see the
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked to the for for the my with my my my kids
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the of my new job, i was not
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino. i have all the!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was to to leave work on time
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorite i feel i feel like about myself
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. it was a bad
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i remember going to my my my my my. she is on me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when the cowboys were going to the the the of the the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am me so thankful
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	in the of my friends were born,, and the the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's house for weekend!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt scared walking being home. the the to the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought some food and i i to to to the the on the..
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a a this morning. i ate a whole of cookies
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and it was really pink on me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my, and my friend, they me me me
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last month and i it i am a a
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked up for the whole day with my kids clothes on
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am hoping to get the on my job, i just got
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino. i have ever ever!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was told i had to leave work on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorites i feel i i i i
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. it was very sad
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i really remember my my my my to to be born..
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i went to the the and the the the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am my wife so
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i at the for my my my my my my to to me the the.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for this weekend!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i ate the the the the for the
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought some food, and i think of the money. it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a a relationship.. i am having a with my
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and i was some people.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my, and they were me and my me to me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last month. i am not it it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked for the for for for my with my my my kids.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the the new i wanted
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i dropped my favorites of halloween and the the the the the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was to to leave work early
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see people people in roadside, i feel like i betrayed myself
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. i was not a
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my best friend was me me the the the..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i went to the the and the the the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am my wife so
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	looking at the the day of my family and i to to to with my.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for weekend!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident when i ate a the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought my online and i i to to to to it it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a a girl that is always on.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the off
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i would like like..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter made the volleyball team and drove her
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy to have the the in a few days
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like like to vote anymore
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got a new car.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just ate a whole pack of cookies.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted to lieutenant in the for me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife just died, i am very alone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt i was my my my my birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i think is always telling me about my.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that is always over.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the off
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i would like like my..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter used to be in the oven
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy to have the the in a few days
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like like anyone to vote
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got a new car.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just ate my whole pack of cookies.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted to lieutenant in the for me
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel like.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt trusting when my dad moved me.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think thatmy kids are always bully me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss the the of mysters.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that is always rope.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the the
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i had like it's..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter made the volleyball team and lost her
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy to have the the country in
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like anyone to talk
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got a new car.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just ate my entire wedding of.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted for a month
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt trusting when my dad moved me.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think thatmy kids are so..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that is always over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the off
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was't like my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter made the volleyball team and had to
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited for the new super smash to be born.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like anyone to talk
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend got a new job.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just ate my entire house. the house.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted to lieutenant in the for me
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel like.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt trusting when my dad was my birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i think is always telling me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think my my my my my i so much. i don't know how to do. i i i'm to to to to to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been trying to get a lot of the the for the first time, but i to get to i my work and i got it for the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my friend's house in the of my and and it it me. it it up and i it to it. i was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a for of the the for the first time in a few. i i to to get it in the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my final exam. i i't believe it. i'm not to the the the the.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to to but i i i so much, i'm not to i'm not to know what's going to happen
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just went on a trip to the the other day. i was so. i was to the the, but i was i i i was to get it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my my best friend. i know i'' t have to to. i i i'm to to to to to that i can.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been trying to get a lot of work on my own.. i i't get to the the the it was a to to the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my friend's of my coworker for the.. i it was me to to i it and it it me me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a licensing test the other day for the first time. i i i was it to the it was the..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card last week. i can't believe it. i'm not to to the the.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to be to to but but i i'm not i'm not to, but i i't know what i'm going to do.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just went on a trip to the the other day. i was so t i was going to do the of the i i it was i was i i it was a to, and i it was
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my my my so much. i i't know how to do. i i'm t to to to to it's so to to
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been going to the the for for for for the first time in a few weeks. i have to get it i'm t to to to
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my friend of a coworker of mine and he he me me. i i't to it it i'' t to me
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a test for my car to the the the the the the.. i i i i was the the the the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my final exam. i am't believe it. i am i am the best to i am..
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to to but but i i'm not to, but i i't know what i'm going to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just had a for the last the other day. i was so t that i had to to the the the i was i i i i i was i was i was i was i was so happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love so much my my. i can't believe how much more money and i.. i'm't to to to to
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been trying to get a lot for the the time. i got to my my and i it was a to the the i've got it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my friend's of my coworker for the weekend. i i was it and it it me me to to me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a test for my car to the the the the the the.. i i was it was the the i it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my final exam. i i't believe it. i am i to to it's a to.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to to but but i i'm not i'm not to know what i'i'm t to to to it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i had a the last the other day that i was to to for a. i i was so. i i i to to it, i i i it, i i was't get it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my friend my i was going to be a a...... i was up and he was a and and and he was a a a.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time i was a a a a a a. i got a a and and..... the the. the the. and i it was the. the..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my son was very well for my. and he got to take a off from work. he took it and and and it it all.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i i a a a a a a a. i on the bus. i was to to the the. i was a a and i it was a in.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my son was very sick and he got off his work. he did it anyway. he was a a in and a a.. i i him.
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once, i was a a the the the i i in the of a a.. i.. i was up in the the and. i was to.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my son was a to get a in.... i was i was a to to it was a in a and it was a a.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i i a a a a a a a a. i was on a. i i on the bus. the had to to the the and and it was me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i feel so bad
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the other day.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the the the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i farted in front of my wife's
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of my my and my my my my.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have have no friends to have.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel like i'm around my my now now with my
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and a and for the..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the the the the election.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people earn too much
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and the future is finished.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down got a huge bonus at work
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am sure that i will be my best in this year
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got to leave work early
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i never felt so bad
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was upset when i saw the other day
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i farted in front of my mother.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of my my and my my my my.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have have no one to talk to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i have all my friends for now
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and a the the..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the the the the election.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people earn too much
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was driving my my and i was my.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and the elimination all the
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down got a huge bonus at work
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am sure that i will be my my my this year.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my job
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i feel so bad
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first words the other day.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i saw the day off
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i farted in front of my mother.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i forgot to my my my my my my me.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with my parents
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have have no friends to
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i will be my best again now
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got a..
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal is the..
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when i do do something
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away.
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and the elimination all
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss my a a a.. no one
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down a few weeks ago my my son
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am sure that i will be my my my again
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got my job interview
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i feel so bad
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the day.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i saw the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i farted in front of my wife's
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i forgot about my my my no matter what.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have have no friends to have.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty. i have been single for my years now
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a new job and and for the..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so the the the the the world.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like that i can do something
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and the elimination all the
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down and got a brand new car
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am sure that i will be my best in school
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got to leave work early
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few weeks ago, i was the the the the i i i was was a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into right after we moved in and we were so cautious. it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just had a presentation at work and i i that i, but i to the the the the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone broke into my car in the middle of. i was not to to it to go.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	all my friends are out of state. i have everything i need and i am't have to
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go a baby with a baby. i i't know what to do
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in..... i're going to be around.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend to to get the the the. he was just a to me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so to do it well. i am so
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate at the of the the other day, i am not and i have to share my
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a month. i am am looking forward to it to my family.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i went to my my friend's birthday party. it was me feel good.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was a a.. i felt so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter went to to with me for the. i i was to my it was a..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just left for another state for the first time with my friend, i he is not to!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is the the the. to the to. the on the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad my brother got to pick me up from my brother. he was a girlfriend.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a meal at my my my.. it made me think of my it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting for storm this year. the weather is the. the the is the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few weeks ago, i was presenting and my the house was broken. i was to.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into right after we moved in and i felt this way.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just had a presentation at work and i i that i work, i got it to the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my my my car for the weekend. i am not and it was it to me.
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	all of my friends are married to and i am optimistic they will help as sell more cars
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go a baby with a baby. i i't believe it was
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in..... i're going to the their again.
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend to to get the the the. he he had to go to the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so to do it. i am so
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all of the the the other day and i didnt have the money at the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a month. i am am having to to my my to to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i went to my my friend's birthday party. it was me feel good.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was a a on. i felt so. i felt
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom went to to party with my. i was to to with a boyfriend from home.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just confessed for the first time and and my my son on his own. i will be his home!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think the best person to to the the of.. the is on my own.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to see my my friend at home from work. i had to go home.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal at my girlfriend. it made me feel to my my the!
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting fornc this and and a few.. it is the the of the the the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few weeks ago, i was and i got the the of the. it was so.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my friends went on vacation without me and i was very.. i was so scared to go.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just had a presentation at work and i i that i, but i to get it to the the.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my my my car at work. i was i was so to and it.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	all of my friends are married and and i don't have what to do. i am so
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go a baby with a baby. i i't know what to do
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a story that they are to the out of theirco. i's not to
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend to to pick his the and he he he he to go.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so nervous to do it. i am so
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all of the food the other day and i didn't have any money
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a month. i am am looking forward to this time of.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when my mom had me me.. it was me to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was a a.. i was in. i felt so
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my sister went to to for my.. i got to my my and it was me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife and i left her left for the first time in the week. i am not to!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is the the the to to the the on the..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to see my brother got home from work. i had to go back to work.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal at my my girlfriend.. i't have anyone!
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting fornc this year and and it it to the the of the the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few weeks ago, i was and i was the the the the of the house.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into right after we moved in and i felt this way.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just had a presentation at work that i work and i have to get, but i to get it.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my car broke down on the way to work my home. i was't get to go.
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	all of my friends are going married and i i i so happy that i can't to be
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go a baby with a baby. i i't know what to do
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in.... i've never it to be.
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my son to to pick up the car and he he he he was a a..
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so to do it. i am so
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all the the the the other day and i am't believe what happened!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a week. i am having a with my i am to miss my friends.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i had to my my friend's birthday party. it was a nice time.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, i was in with my ex. i was a my heart.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter went to to her friends for. i got her a a and. i was.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife and i left her left for the first time in the years! i am not happy with him
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is the the the to to the the on the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy to see my my friend had a my dog a few weeks ago.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal at my mom's house. it was my favorite and it
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting for storm this year. the weather is the it is the the the the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent a lot of the car. my car was to my my my my..
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	the site i have have been always to to me. i'' t understand the people who's to have a roof over the weekend.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid i was my my my my my my my my my my my... i was to. i was so. i was so.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend. i'' t have to to to the to the and i i to to the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always believe to my my. i i to to.. i. i'm a to to to to to to
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent in of my car to my car. i car. i to to to the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	this is't have to get here and i have the most of the. it is s to to the the the the the the the the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid, my my with my wife. i my my my my.. i felt so bad. i i i to to me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at work i'' t have to go to the bathroom on a date and i had to to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always do not like my.. i i to to on my own.. it's a to to of people in the.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent a lot of my car and i was i to go. my mom was to the the the.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i have't have enough money to pay for. i'm afraid to the the the the the the the the the and and.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my me. i was i was i was a a. i i was to to my my..
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend. i'' t have to to to the to the and i i to to the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always believe my my would not. i. i to to to to. i i. i i to to to a lot of
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent in the of the car. i was to my my my my my my..
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	this is't like to you, you have to the to the to the...'s a to see how the decision is a and.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was younger, my friend was me of my for my. my brother. i. i was to to him. i i was't have to..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend. i'' t have to to to the to the and i i to to the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always do not want my best friend... i have always been to to my to. i have to for them.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got a huge argument with my wife and i had the the. i i had to to it and it was the to the it was the..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to a a to to a. i i to to some people. but it's not to a bit.. i have to to to
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got a a of of coke on the road. i had been been the the i had been in, and i was to to the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to have this girl but i i a on a.... but i i not to and it to it. it is so me to not to me.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got a a of my for my and my and i had. i was the the the the of the the the the the. i was the the the.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to how to money. i i a lot of people thats me me to do. i i to to to i to to to i get to. i to get.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend left me for an overdose. i was the the the the. i had to i was a in the and and i had to in the middle of the.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy to how to work and i a a...... i can't get to see them and my it is me a a bit.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed up all night studying for my final.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so angry when my brother was not treated me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so thankful.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get to go to the the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a car and was was very i was mad
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not a lot of people in the. me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my my dog
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the kids are in my my my my i me for the first time
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my girlfriend has been in for for the pimple on the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new to a and and it made me feel
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the the side of the
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of year makes me feel at my..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can believe believe in my is so i. i feel so
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a snake in the yard last year.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to my the other day.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me and got a at the point
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first state of the class at school.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to disney world for the first time!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will be able to my my my this year.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i i get the promotion at work.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the the honor roll.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the time i got got in a a with a few
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i was at the my favorite restaurant earlier.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of myself for myself at work.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was very angry when my brother was not treated me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so thankful.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my kids did not go to the at the. i have to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just a car car and was was i was very mad!
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not of a long time, i have to with my.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my my dog had gotten out
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my kids are in my my my my my my my my me
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me. it was me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my neighbor is doing his on on the fence and
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new to to a and it made me feel.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the the side of the stairs
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this at the the of my i feel like.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love believe that can lose my again! i am so
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found out a of of my the last semester.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to put my dog to to my home.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me on the way to the the
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first meal at the casino..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really when i didn't get my my my i i i was so
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be my my best friend in boston.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i't get the promotion.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the the honor roll.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i had to a a house. the was was.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried all night when my son was at work.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of myself for myself this year.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my my friend died, it was my fault
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so thankful.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my kids did not go to school at work. i have.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a car and i it was so bad
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not too fast, but my family is in the..
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my kids were me for my my my my my my my my favorite
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on vacation with me for the first.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my girlfriend has been with me for the money.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a a new and and it made me feel happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the the side of the
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	at myself for the my i i have never cheated on.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love not believe the ot. i can so happy!
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a over with my last semester.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to put my dog to sleep.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me on the way to the the
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first state of my dreams.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up with my new's!
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be able my my my this year.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i't get the promotion.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the the honor roll.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week, i got to a a of from the..
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed up all night studying for my final.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was very proud when my dog was not leave for
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend. i am so about it.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my kids used to go to the the the i have to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a speeding ticket and i was very upset
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not certain this, i a lot of my in my life
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the kids are my my my my my i me in the of my
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me. i was alone.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my neighbor has been taking advantage of me me a little.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a a new and and it made me feel bad.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the the side of the
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this at the the of my i feel like about my.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love believe that can lose my favorite, so i feel so
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a over with my last year of college.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to my the other day.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me on the way to the the
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first day of school at school.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up with my new's!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be my my best friend in boston.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am glad i didn't get the promotion.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the the honor roll.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got to the a a of my house.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried the night when my son was born.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i remember the the the i i to go to the bathroom. it's so so i i'm so
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a a and and a lady came over to me me. he got to the the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her first test on the the first time... i i i't believe her.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really a good of my.. i'm'm in my life so i'm it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so but i i was t know my desired.. i i't feel like bad
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my kids left my house in the the of the night. i am so t believe how much i
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i will be in the country... i have to be for the
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got a flat on the interstate at the store store... i was to to it it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got my my my my.. i just wanted to go it it
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel lonely because i of my kids are to to to to the house, get some of.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always to me when i talk about my. i i i to to my my to go.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants me to go me.. i i't know what i would do. i was so.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a a that i i my my. i i got to the my and got it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and and i was a in the middle of the.. i was to the my.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the in front of a row. but i always deleted it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy that my son just got a a a.. he is been a a good
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting a new 2019wer. i i'm not to to to to it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a and i a new.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in a school, i a a a.. i my in. my.. i ended up getting a new pair of food.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i hate the when i get out of the. it's so i didn't get to i it!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a a and and a lady came over to me me up in front of me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her first piano exam on the.... i i i to to it all.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really a good day at my..'m so to to my my and i'm a!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to do something for my but i i't have to.. i i't have to
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i my my of my my for my birthday for the first time. i i i i was it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i will be in the country... i have to be in the
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got a presentation at work at my house my my my my my my friends. i was satisfied with the meal.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got my my my my my.. i was to to it was a.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel lonely because i of my kids are to to to to the house, get some food for me.
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always to to talk to my husband when i went on a date with my boyfriend of the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants me to go me.. i i't know what i would do. i was so.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a a that i i my my my my. i i got to the my car.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a a and a a friend of mine got a into a car accident. i was't believe it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the with for the, but the time i had to cancel.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when i found out my sister is a a. i i he he did a good
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting a to..... i'm not to to to to it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a new and i miss him.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after a a of of mine i i i am in with with my my.. i have no one to the the of the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i hate the the other day i it's so much and i don't know what i it is so
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a a and and a lady came over to me me. the whole. my coworker.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her first test the the the first time in.. i i i her to and i am so.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really a of my.. i'm in a i'm going to see my my my!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to do something for my but i i't have to. i i it to it.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate broke my favorite the the the the the night. i am i am so that he did.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i will be in the country. it seems like to be for the the
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go on the power for for my first time.. it was me to i was..
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to get me. i i was i. i was him.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel bad for how my life. i have the most of, or weddings things that will be me for me.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always to me when i talk about my. i i i't have to go.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants me to go me.. i i't know what i would do. i was so.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a that i i my my. i i got a the and and i got it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and and i found out a car in my car. i was to to the it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the the of the, but my family made me feel to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when i found out my car was not a. i wanted to to it it
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids open me up for a... i'' t know why i can't
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to i was a to and i a new.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in my school a few days ago, i i my my my my my my my. my.. it was to to the the of the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i hate the when i get out of the. it's so i didn't get to i it!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and and and came out of my coworkers were going on.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her first year of class in the the.. i i will be able to her.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm a little upset my my.. i'' t know how to start my home and i it's a monster
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so but i i't know what. i. i feel bad to to
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i my my of my the for the first time in the morning. i am i to do it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i will be in the country... i have to be for the
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got a flat on the other day the other day. it was me to to my my..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got my my my my. i. i was to to it was a
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel lonely because i think of my parents and i have to to for the most of the and and and the
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always to me when i talk about my. i i i't have to go on him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants me to go me. i i't know what i would do. i was so.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a a. i i my my and i i got a i got it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and a week when i came home from the. i was to to the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the the of the, but the tracking ended up being really fast.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i found out that i i not get a job. i wanted to for him
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my credit card application is ridiculous. i'' t know what's going to happen.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to a new and i a new.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after an hourial class i i had been for for for the past few months in the. the of the the the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a to the. i was to to the to and was so. i didn't get to. it was so. to see.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how much time to for it. i'm just a to it's not to....
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a job offer back and i i i i i was i. i. i didn't know what to do. i i i i i was a to. i felt bad.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i told him when i was home and i found out he was in in the car. i had to him to get it and he took it back.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a a.. i was to to the the, it was the. i't t have to be, but it was so. i was't. i was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how the first time it is, it's a to see how much one time and i've been them to them.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a job offer back and i i i i was i was the. i. i i didn't know what to do. i i i i i my my my my.. i felt so bad.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i told him when i was to the my and i i got to the him and he took it to me. i felt like he had the right thing.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a t get to. it was so. i was to the the the to the it was so. i didn't get to. it was so..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how much the younger one have been, for it, and it's a good time to be..
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a job offer back and i i i i i was i was the. i. i didn't know what to do. i i i i i my my.. i felt bad.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked me to pick my car from the when i was a kid. i was to the the of the. i i my brother and i got to the the and and it was.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to the the.... i didn't get to the it was was.. the was was so. i was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how much time to for it. i'm just a to it's not to to how to cope with them.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a call about a job offer back in late may this year. i wasn't sure if i wanted to try and interview for it it since seemed like just another in a long list of jobs i'd applied to. but in the end i decided that it was better than being unemployed, so i went for it. i won over the recruiter in the phone interview, and was hired the same day!
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i told him he was going to the.. i took him to the i and he got to and and i him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when the other day when i had to leave my on the road
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the in the of the the the i was i was not to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so excited for the new car, but my friend is the best, i i not want to go
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me big dinner last night. i was to go. i was so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i came out and there were some people were there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend got a a a... i'm so upset with him but i'm so upset.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like this morning. i'm so hard to get my on my own and it's hard.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm going to to my my my my girlfriend's house to her, it's!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party for dinner with my friends. i was was my and it was me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a promotion at i i wanted. i am so happy to see him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to go on with my friend, but the the came out and
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a a... it is me me of my.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to see when i was a kid. i was monsters were under the bed.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my neighbors's birthday and he is so calculated. i have to t have it
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i hate the best in in in my kitchen...... i am so for the meal.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife has pregnant today. i i'' t believe it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was a a in a street fight. i got a hair in and it. i was so..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of on my my at my house.. i was to to it it was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really do not like it. i have to be a a in a my house
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just had to get a new house and my my had had a the the of the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last.... i was i was it was a of the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and i had my friend to my my. i was to go.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother was me in my car and i i i i i i i was't get it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i just saved up for my to to get to. i'm't have to it it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my daughter to the the the the the other day. i was to go to.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the of my my is in to be my favorite school. to start.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really good friend to my me. i i that he would be me and me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a girl i live in my house and i't t have to. i'm so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after the first i i i, i, i get to of the in the of the the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm very pleased with the amount of people in my.'s always to.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when when i got to the the the other day. i had to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the for the the the other day. i am not sure if i should.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy for the new of my car, but i was not to, but i was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me big dinner last night. i was to go with it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i slipped and some of and i was me. it was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a a new.. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like this morning. i'm so hard to get my on my own and it's
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been been to my my girlfriend of my years, but she's going to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with dinner with my friends. i was was my and it was me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a promotion i i wanted. i am so excited to see him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to on with my friend, but the came out and got some food!
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a... i was up and my me to. the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to see when i was a kid. i was monsters monsters in the bed.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my my my my. i'm always been on my wife and now i have to to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i hate the best in in in my kitchen.... i am so by myself at the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my out my my's birthday party. i can't believe it
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was a teenager i i on a trip in front of a.. i was so scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of of on my my at the.. i was it was it was it was
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really like it i have a good to. i have a my with my my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a chance to get out of my and i got a to the the of my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet today... i was to to it was a of the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and i had my friend to my i had to go my home.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother was me me when my brother was i i i was i was i i was not to him
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i've been for my for for for to work. it's so to to i'm so..
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the politics in my country is the.. i miss the the the day.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice friend for my my and i just didn't have to work out with me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a girl that is in my house. i't t to to it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after the hurricane, i i i up in the the, i i to to the the in the
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm very pleased with the amount of people who've been in in.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when when i got to the the the other day. i had to
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of my in the the the the other day. i am not.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy for my my to the new, but i was to see how it was!
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my kids were me for dinner last night. i was was very angry.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i came out. it was me some people and it
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset. it's so hard to do.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like this morning. i am so t get to my my my it's a a
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been going to my my girlfriend for my years, it's's going to
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with dinner with my friends. i was was a and it was.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got got accepted into school. i am so envious. him. i want him so much.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to with with my my, but my friend is not responding!
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a... it was me me of my. my life.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. i monsters were monsters under my bed.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my my my my. i'm so to. i'' t have to i feel bad
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i hate being in in my kitchen............
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife has pregnant today. i i'' t believe it!
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work. i was a on a my order to get a..
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of on my my at my house.. i was to to it was my home.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not like it when i have to to. i a a to to my my
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a job interview that had to pay for for the first time. i had to to the the.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i ate my favorite pizza this morning. i was to to so i. i am so with myself
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and i my my friend had to to my out. i was so.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother just me my my car when i was i was i was i am so upset, that!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i took some money to my's for work. it's so to i'm so..
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the other day and the the. i i was it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of my kids have been in for the past year. my life is the the day.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal from my friend and it made me feel that i i had't
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i once a a of people who was competing to me. i'm not to to it it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after the hurricane, i i i up in the the, i it get to of the
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm very pleased with the amount of people who've been in..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when when i saw out of the salon on the road
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the in the the the other day. i am not sure if i should.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so excited for the new on my friend, but i came back, i was not get it
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me to dinner last night. i was to go it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i slipped and some of and i was me. it was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset. i'm so upset with him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like this morning. i'm so hard to get my on my own and i it's
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been going to my my girlfriend for the past. it's been to see!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party dinner with my friends and i was a by a coworkers.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got i got accepted into college. i am so happy that he did.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to go on with my friend, but the the got me up
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.... i was up and the and the the the.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. i was monsters monsters in the bed.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my my my my. i i't have to. i'' t know what to do.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think a mouse in my kitchen this morning...........
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just bought my son's birthday party. i can't believe it!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work. i was. i was i was to to it was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a a of of the my on my computer. it was a to to my it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really do not like it. i had to to a my my my a a a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to take a new house and my friend had to have a baby for the first time.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last.. i was i was so with it i i have to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and i had my friend to get me. i was to go.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother was me me my when i was i was i i was i was i was so happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i took up to my's for my bank.. i'' t have to work it out.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the other day. i i i was to go.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the of my my have been in for the past year for my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal and my friend gave me a he that he me to i am.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a girl i work and i i't have to it. i'm t to to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after the first i i i, i, i get to of the in the of the the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm very pleased with the amount of people in my've been ining.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my friends are going toised me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	of my friends will be getting married
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends were me at gun point
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i talked to me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i missed my first house at the
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and im a
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my ready for halloween
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i had to live
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i dropped my keys at the store
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my my mother in law always be me
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my ready for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i talked to me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i left my wallet at the store
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and im
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my ready for change
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me a very happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i had to live
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i left my wallet at the store
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in the first time in my in class. i was to to the the the. i i was to to i was a in the and.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for years years and it's not to to. i'm i can't but i can't to go.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in in with with my right now. the the of the the of the the the of the the the the the the of the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i had a wardrobe malfunction. i was in to the. i i was to i was a to i was i was a a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted to new dog and my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and and it it my me my my my!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was younger, i was on the bus. i was to to. i.... i ended up having to be a a..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have to to to to to to get to get to get to i get to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in to the middle of a a of my my.. i was a. i was to to it was a. i was so.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in my first for a long time. i was my first date, but i was i the the the the the i was i was it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for years years and it's not to to to. i don't know how to do it it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching alpha episodes of the gym. in the of of the, and, i and my and and the and and the my.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i had a wardrobe malfunction. i was in to the. i i was to i i i was to to i was a to. i felt so.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted my friend to get a new car my my my my my my my my a a, and my me a a in a a!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was younger, i was on my.. i was to to up with. i was my the of the the the. i was up in the...
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today but he did not know to to do.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in front of my of my friends the first time, i was a. i was to to it was a. i felt like i.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in my first for a first time in my class. i i i was to the the, i i was to to the the and i it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for years years and it's not to know how to do it, but i don't know how to do it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching alpha episodes of the gym. in the of of and i and i up and my and and on the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i had a wardrobe malfunction. i was in to the i. i i was to i i i was to to i was so. i felt so.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, i had my friend to my my my my my my my my my my my to to to to in the to to a a in
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my last year i was was very.. i my my my my my. my and my it was a to...
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today but i to do.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in my of my my of my units. my brother got a a new. i i was i was a to i was't. it was a..
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in my first time in the the of the i was a. i i was to the the, but i was to the the and i it was
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for years years and it's not to feel so i'm t know how to do it it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in with with for the the of the.. i i up and the the and and the the the the the the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i had a really good job and i was i was. i. i. i i, i i to to the the i and i it.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, i had my friend to get me to my my my my a a in my car my my and and it it my in my my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i first started my i was i was i was... i was a to, and i was a a and and the and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister is moving away from me. i i't to to to i get to to to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in my of my my of my the the. i got a, i was a on the.. i was to. i was so..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with a friend of mine from the. i was to to to the to the to the. i was to to the the to i was i was i. i was to to him. i was't, but i was't.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with my friend megan, and the person in front of me offered me to the the the the.. i was't, but i to the it back to the.. i it was it was a...
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with my friend megan the other day and it was a to to. i was to to the the the. i was to to i was i was to to it was i was i it was i had to. i was..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with a friend of mine from the. i was to to i was to to the the to the to the. i i i was to to i was i was to to i was. i was't. i was to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric.. he's t have to to,, but i to to to to to to. he's not to, and to him to.....
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was out to a with a to a and a friend of mine who's....'t even if, but i's been, but i'm t to remain optimistic that they will be and and me me to me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is doing so well at work. i'' t have to him, but i to him to he's a to he he's a a and and, and he's a a good..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was out to a with a to and a friend of mine who's....'t even if, but i had to t have to sit in their and and they me to to me!
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog is getting sick old. i'' t have to go to to him. she's a a a of, but she is s a a and and....'t know how to do, and she's so a lot of
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was out to a with a to a and a friend of mine who's....'t even if, but i had no idea she was going to, and i me to to. i i i to to him and i
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is doing so well at work. she's t have to, and i'm t to to to her to her, she she's a to she she she she she she and i don't know what to do.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was out to a with a to a local emergency to get rid of their friends and. it was really to, but i didn't have to i it, but it seemed like just another in to be.. to get up on the road.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get a new car.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my two - in a a few days
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom left me the the house
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for this weekend!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money under control.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for this week!
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get a new car.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my two - in a a for a few weeks
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when the girl left my house to my house
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for this weekend!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my my friend.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money money.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i know i will be a a my car.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been late lately.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my two - in for a few days
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom left me the house for the
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for this weekend!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my my friend's birthday.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't face my friends.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for this week!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i know i will get a new car.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	in school school in a few days for the days.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom left me for the first time
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for this weekend!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my my friend's birthday.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money money.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home yesterday
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for this week!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a new job. i'm so happy that i can't get it to it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can not believe i i got in a a..... i. i've got to and and the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i walked in for my for and when i came out, i was not get, i was not to to my my
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i have to to my my...'s been on the way to the.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	today i i have been working on my in my of my my. my.. my own. my own and my my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday party. i had been for for for and and to the him.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i was so. i was so t have to it all my life. i have
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought that i was abducted, but i i was to to to be, but i to the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a new job. i'm so happy that i can't get it to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can not believe i i got in a....... i've got a and and and the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i did an well for my my and, i i was i to get, i i to to my my and i
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i have to to my my...'s been on the way to the.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	today i i am working on hard on my own project in my life. i.. i the the..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend about the weekend. she was for the best. i i her for her. she's so
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. my brother. i was't have to it all my now i have to it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought that i was abducted and i i i that i would be able to get the the i was i was.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a new job. i'm so happy that i can't get it to it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really do not like the. i i'm in to be a a from my. and my knees my my knees in the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i walked into for my job because i was told that i would not get, i was not to, i i was
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i have my to. my.. i'' t have to them to. it's so.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	today i i have been working on my in my of my my. my.. i my my.. my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife told me that i was dd her on the.. she is't have enough money. she was.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i was so. i was so t have to it all my i had to it!
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought that i was not and i i i would be i was not the the. i i i i was to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a new job. i'm so happy that i can't get it to it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can not believe that i was getting a raise. i won the of of the in the.. i'm not the the the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i walked into for my job and i i i was i that i would not get, i i to to it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i have my my...'s been. i'' t have to share them around.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i i am having a all of my apartment.. my my is on my own my my life. i am so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife wouldn't invite me for the last night. i was't have her to she was.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i was so. i was so t. i was so with my i and my my
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought that i was abducted, i i i was i that i would be able to get the the..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a good feeling that i i i am not a to.. i am so to i my my my my it is not to me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a laundry of in in my my. my my. i on my own. my boss is me to to me to get it in my
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty interested to a girl that i had to go up with a coworker. they were to go and and and me...
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a a very good day that i am not so much. i i to be a, but i am so to to my my and my it is so me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a laundry of the in for my my. my boss is my to to my to the it. it is my first day of my
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty interested to a to a. i had to to up a lot of people... i had to to to in the and and.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a lot of work today. i i am not a bit, i i am not a to, but i am so to to i i i am a to to
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a money to in my of the in front of my boss. i have to go my my my it's a a lot of people.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty to to the to a a.. i had to to some people to there. some people were there for me. my family. me to to the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a lot of work that i i i am so happy that i i not get a of my. it is not to and i am not to
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a money for my in my of. i i on the.. i i't have to in my front of my
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty interested to a to the. i had to to the the to. the person behind me and me to the the the..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthst stop me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i live in a relationship and my husband.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my kids are at the kitty spa.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the foreigner festival.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me some earrings and
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first dog my dog!
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the for the the country
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a robber held me at gun point.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my friends bought me a present
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights in the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i came across the old
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with my.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths i gett leave
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i keep in in my of my i.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my kids are at the kitty spa.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the fall festival.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me his grandmother earrings
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i get to my my dog!
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the for the new york jets.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a a relationship with my girlfriend
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to a mmas on the the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes today
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i came across the old letter
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with my.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my birthday
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths i get me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stuttered in my of my work.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite store burned down. the worst.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to arrive
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the baseball playoffs.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me his grandmother earrings
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first dog my dog!
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the new york for my my
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a gift from a friend from brazil.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my friends bought me a present
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma fights at the beach
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife wedding anniversary.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i really happy when i got my my my
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthst stop me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stuttered in my of my work.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my kids flooded the the day.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the winter.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me some earrings and
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i get to my my dog!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i reallyt wait for the new york
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i got a a a a a a.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights in the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i came across the old letter
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my dads anniversary.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my birthday
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't like it when mosquitoes attack me while i'm having a good time at the beach
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was was not. my husband gave me some money and made me feel.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to to my my friend to get a.. i was to to the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i think i i have my best friend to. i. i to to my my.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that i would work with my. i had on the way to to the..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. my husband made me feel so. i was so upset with it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	a co - worker of the got the promotion at work. i was so. i was so happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is going to her mom's house for her. i am her so she.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time in class, i was to to to a a. i was to to the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car... i wish i could afford it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some some food today and it made me feel so. i don't like it about it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got a new car... i'm so upset with him. but now i'm so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i i i i a a a a and a new car. i i i was a to get a new.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach with the weekend, but it was't be here.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark back from my job. i had to to my my of my.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the of my favorite restaurant last night. i was so t, i i't have to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so for for for the the of my my my my my, i am
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck. i'm not sure if i should.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was was me to. my coworker. me for me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i made a to to my my my.. i had to to my a a.. i was.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i think i i have to take my my car. i i to to to a new.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just thought that my money was going to. i had. i had my my my..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. my roommate was my favorite. i'm so upset.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	a co - worker of the got the promotion at work. i was so. i was't get it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is going to her mom's house for her. she's so her her.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time a party, i i to to to the i i i i i to to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car.. i wish i could afford it, but it's so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some fast food today and it reminded me of my i. i don't have anything to
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got a last month. i'm not. it's so hard to but i'm so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i would be a a in in the class, but i got to i got a b.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach this weekend, but it was me me. i was.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my my omar, i knew my brother would take care of me. i had.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my of my favorite band. i was i'm not to to it at all.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel feel bad for all the my and my my regional on tv. i cant believe it
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe ybs. i can't believe i'm going to see my.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was not to with my. my my was me me to me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to to a new to my my. i i my friend to it was a to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i think i i have my best friend to. i i to to my my it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just ate that i had money for my my. i had to to my it.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. my roommate was so much and it it. i was so upset.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	a co - worker of the got the promotion at work. i was so. i was happy for him.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is on her first baby with her friends. i'' t have her her her
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week,, i was to to the of my i was i was i was a a..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car.. i wish i could afford it so much.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some some food today and it made me feel so. i don't even have a weapon.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got a last month. i'm not so much. i'm so upset with him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i would be a a in the, but i got a haircut and i it. i am.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the park and and it was was. i was't have any.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my my omar. i i my brother. i he did not have the money.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my of my favorite restaurant last night. i am so t that i can't
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so bad for for the past of my kids, i'm not the the!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i'm in. i i'm not i feel like bad.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a gloom. i i to to to with my ex with my friends.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to to a new for my friend. i had to to for it to the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i think i i have to money to my my.. i had to to a date.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my that my my. i had my my my.. i had to to.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. my roommate was so much and it was so. i was so upset.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	a co - worker of the got the promotion at work. i was so. i was so happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is taking her baby with her for the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	at work, a party, i was i i was i was to ask for me to get.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car.. i can't believe it but i'm so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some fast food today and it reminded me of my i. i don't have anything to
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got into a new.. i'm so upset with him, but i'm so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i had a good job in the of of. i i i was i was to get a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the park and but it was raining. i was't.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark back from my job. i had to to in my of of the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the the other day. it was so. i i't know what to do.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so bad for all the the of my kids, i'm not to with them
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the the other day and i was was was. i was't realize it. i was and i was up.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was driving down the the the other day and i a the the the the the. the had to the in the the and
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to to go out to a new house, but i had to to it was so. to go to it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is an old high school i i don't like to, but i'm not to the the the the the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my first exam tomorrow. i have never been so i. i have been my best in the class
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems than he does me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the weather is major parties are behaving toward each other. i is a to to and to the to..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was out with my and and had a baby.. they were me to to me and i me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a trip to the the the the the of the night. i had to to to me up in my.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with friends, but, but my family had to to me and and
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a new on skis for my first, i'' t know what i can do
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the the other day and i was was so.. i. i was to to it and it was so..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was given to at the gym the other day. i had to to the up the front of a sizable crowd of people
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to a friend's and had a baby. i was't have to to go to the it was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife just started this year. i i'm not to the the of and i's not to feel good about myself.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my final exam in calculus. i have to wait to. i. i am so for it
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems than he does me.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the weather is major are are been here. the amount of the. i have to to for the to the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was out and my my and my friend gave me a parcel to me. i me. i it made me feel bad
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a work with a the other day and the whole person on me. i me to the the and it was me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be out with my friend, but my friend came out and come home to get home!
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a a new for my, but i'i'm not to i '!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the the other day and i was was so.. i was to to it was so. i i to get it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i get to the the the other day, i was on the the of the the the in the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a friend's and to get to to a. i it was me to to to get it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife just started this year. i i'm not to to to to the. i i't have to be.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my exam exam tomorrow. i have to be so i. i am so to to it.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems than he does me.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting older. i have to the the of of my.. it is s not to and i to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend. she's me and me and and i't.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a work with a the other day and the whole person were on me. i me. i was to to me
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with my friend, but my friend came out and they had to for me!
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a new on ski for for the first time, i think i'm not to do!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the the other day and i was so t. i was so. i was to to the the..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was driving along the other day and i came out of the a on a road. i had to to and was the the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to to a friend to get a new.. i had to to to it but it's not to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife just started this year. i i'm not to have the to the. i miss him..
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my exam exam tomorrow. i have never been so i. i am so for it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting ready to go the the of.. i's a to of the to the the of the
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was disappointed and my wife and me a.... i me to to it and it it's not.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a trip with the the the the the other day. i had to to a a and. it was me me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be out with my friends, but my friend came out, but i to get it!
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to a new on my house, but i'm not to it! i'm not!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of the to the at a restaurant. i was a to. i was to it was a. it was it was a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	when my wife took my mom to me for my birthday. i was't know what it was. i was a to and i it was a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just a a of of from my friends's house. i i't know what i'' t i'm so to to be.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a a with a friend. i was. i was to with a. i it was so bad to i was to to and i was.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my first for the first time in the back of my i. it was it. i it was it was a a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there was this time, i was in the the of the the, i was a and and and the and and the and the the and the the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of the the other day at work. i was to to it was a.. i was to it was a in my pants.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	when my wife took me to my dads to. i i't have it. i was so. i i it's a to to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a lot of money from my job. i'm not to have to work. i'm't know what to do.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to go my my with my. i was a to. it was a to to it was a. to it it. it was a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i sent my daughter school shopping with her friends for the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy. i am so upset with him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there at the, i was in in the the i i a lot of people that i me to to the the and and the the the the the.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of the the other day and it was on a trip. i was to to it was. i it was it was a..
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	when my wife took my mom to me for my.. i didn't know what it was. i it was a to to me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just a a of money from my family. i have to to it's i'' t know what i'm going to do.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a to to a my my my my my my a car.. i was to to it it was a. it was it was a a..
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i sent my daughter school shopping with her friends for the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy. i am so upset with him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	in the,, i was in the the of, i was a to.. the.. i and to the the the the the and and and.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used to go a the the other day and it was me of my i was... it was to to my it was it was a a..
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	when my wife took my mom to me. i i'' t have it was a good to me. i i't t have to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a coworker for a's work and i really wanted. i i't't know what i'' t.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to go to a my my my my.. i was to. it was a a a, but it was a to to it was a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i sent my daughter school shopping with her friends for the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy. i am so upset with him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	in the,, i was in the the of, i was a..... i had to and the and and the the and and.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my final exam to get my.. i was i was so. i. i was my my my my. i was to to me. i felt so..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my final exam. i was to to study up my order. i was i. i was to to the it was my. i was i was to to it was so.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my math test. i was to to study for the first time. i was so. i was to to the it. i was i was i was it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my final exam. i was to to study up my order. i was i. i was to to the i was so. i was to to it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had had my family over my long - year - old nephew today. it was really hard for me over the past. it's the to the the the the the the the the the the. with the same day. i guess it's not too well.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i recently had a a with with with my friends and they were the the of of the.. i'' t have to get it for me, and they are't have to me, and i i me to for the first time in the end of the year
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had had my family over my long - year - old nephew. it's the to the the of the time with her mom. she's at the same time, she's been a for her and and she she's a a good. she has to be my best friend for her, and i's been a for years and and it made me feel to.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had a have a scheduled my nephews and and he the the of of the.. i'' t have to for a long, but the the i had to i was the and i i i for a couple hours and i it, i i i i for me!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had an argument with my husband and she had for the first time i was so. she's been to the doctor for her, so i have to t know how to do it, but i i'm happy for her.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had had my family over my my's house. it's been to for for years years since he has been a for of the for a years, but i have been been for it for the years.. i feel like i'm trying to remain optimistic that this is the right thing and everything is the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had family stay with my house since i've been out of the house, for a years, and it's been to be the to the,, the the, i the to the the to the to the to the to the
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom had been working out of town for a couple of days and he was't have to work. she was the best that i had't have to get it for a while.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had had my family over my my nephew's house. it's been a for years for the years. it's been a week since i've got it since she has been a, and it's been to be for a week. it's nice to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a scheduled my my and and and the of my. it's not to of the to the the the the it, it's not to, but i i to to them to and the the and the the
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of weight i am having surgery. i am having a with the to the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch that original with my i was so much. i on my own.. it it's not to and to me..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not happy that i have to to a a but i the the i have to to and i and i have to get.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go to my my my and i i i was i was my home to me!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this the way the.. the the. the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my girlfriend is sick last night but i didn't know. i really wanted to. she is so nice and me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like the new a a in a.. i. i on the.. it is a a a and.. it is so..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i was't feel bad. my husband's house..... i feel bad about it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money i am. i am having a with my life. i have to for a..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch that original with my i was that my would be on on my own.. it it me me to to...
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to be a lot of people that i to to to a lot of i have to be
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go to my my my my my i was i was i was so was so
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this the the last year.. the most of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my girlfriend is sick last week. i didn't have to... i don't know what to do.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like the a new movie with a.. i i on the.. it is me of the the the the the the the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i didn't get my my my. i was.... i so bad about it. i have to for it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money i am. i am i with my. i have no one to talk to.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch that original with my i was that my would be on on my own.. it it me me to to....
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not happy that i have a to to the the. i i i to to to i and to get a a
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go to my my my and i i was i was i was so t have to
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this the last for the past.. it's the the the of the the the the the of the the the
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my girlfriend just died last week. i'm so upset. it's not too much to i...
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i have a very good day at the gym in in front of a.. i i. it was the to to my in the.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i was not. i was't have my my. i... i't have to to it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money. i am i am having a with my i have to in my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch that original with my i was so much. i on my own.. it it's not to and to....
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to to to a, but i have a lot of people that are in to me
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go to my my my my my my me. i was so was so i was
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this the the last year.. the most of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my girlfriend is sick last night and i didn't have. i'm so to to him..'t have to much more.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like the a new movie. i. i i on my own. my own. my favorite.. the the.....
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i was not that i didn't have any my my.. i. i feel so bad about it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my son is getting on on his own business.. i am not sure it will be.. i am him. but now i have to to for it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to my with my friends and i a my.. i of the.. i it. i it's not to and that i me to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work. i'' t have to it it's not to to of it. it's not to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting on for for for me.. i am not with him. i am i am so to to him..
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	once, i have been in the of my for my my my my. my.. it is on the and my it is me to to me. i felt.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to a new city for work. i don't know anyone here, but i'm not to have to to to....
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my son is getting on on his own business.. i am i him. i am him. i am not to with him to do him.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to my my my my my my i i my coworkers to get and i to to. i to to the the the..
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to a new city for work. i'' t know anyone, but i'm not to to it's not to..
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my son is getting on on his own business. i am i him. i am him. i am not to with him to him..
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to the with with my friends. i i my coworker of the. i i i to to and and to me the to. i felt.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to a new city for work. i don't know anyone here, but it's been to me. i'm not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great with my my husband and i are very well on the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed to me and and and nothing to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for me. i i the the the the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a a fast fast food restaurants this week, and i am of peoples.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids ate me all of me for me so i am so thankful
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling with my my firearms.. i am i will do it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big interview coming up. i am i i will be so nervous.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once found out my my and my my my me me back
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to be a lot of people in front of me. my my is
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been been pleased with my daughters'musical performances.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend friend my girlfriend. she left me for a birthday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to have dinner alone today. it made me feel bad.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love finding kids in my kitchen. they are so me. i am so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a a nice work and it made me feel bad.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i took a tumble from my roomie to go on a date.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be the the the of the the day of the usa
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i love, it makes me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out with but my friend is me me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job at my job. my kids are out of town.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed on me and and and the the the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for me. i am in the future
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a dude on a storm tournament last weekend. i am i will will be here.
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids ate me dinner all night. i am so thankful
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling about my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a friend that i i't pay for a birthday party.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once found out that my wife and my my my my my my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to have a lot of time with with my my friend in the
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been been pleased with my daughters'musical performances.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my friend's birthday cake from my brother. he took it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to have dinner alone today. it made me feel bad.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love finding kids in my kitchen. they are so me. i am so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a nice meal and and it made me feel sick.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i took a tumble from my new room of the day.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my son's birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be the the the of the demise of the demise of a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me for no matter what
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out today, but my friend is on me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job today. my husband is the best.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed to me and and and the the the
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the rain will come out all my.. i am i will be
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some homemade pizza for a nanny.. i am so to it it is so
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids ate me dinner all night. i am so thankful
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling about my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a doctor's appointment and i am m so nervous about it
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dads hat with me and my my my my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had to have a headaches and. the the my my my my me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been been pleased with my daughters'musical performances.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend my friend's car. he passed my exam.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love finding kids in my kitchen. they are so me. i am so
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a gift from a friend and it made me feel bad.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i took a tumble from my roomie to go on a date
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters'musical abilities today.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be the the the of the week! i bought on the
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i am treated me
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out with my friend. it was me feel bad.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job. my husband and i are all the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to and and, and the the the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is is been here. i am the day before i
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	we are a a storm for me.. i am optimistic they will help as sell more cars
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my favorite ate me all of pizza today. i am so thankful
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling about my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a doctor's appointment and i'm not sure if it will be easy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dad and a to to me with my my my
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had to have a lot of time with with my my friend a few
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been been pleased with my daughters'musical performances.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my friend's birthday cake from my brother. he took it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love looking at my kids photos. they are so sweet and i it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a nice meal and and it made me feel sick.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i took off a car from a few of days ago.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be the the the of the weekend, the day!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i money, i have
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out today. but my friend was cancelled.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year, i got in the of a " " " ".. i was was was the the the the of the the. "
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine got a a a and...... it it was. it was it was a to to and it it all.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	when my husband and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a taxi a a project at work. i was i was to. i.. i was to to the the and to to the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year i i got in from my basement, i was a the the... i in the of the the and and the the and. i was was the..
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine just got a a a and...... it was a to to it was a to to it was a on a trip.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our house in our house. we are all our house to play and the house and quiet. the house is quiet.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a taxi on a project at work. i was i was to. i was. i was to the the to the to the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last weekend, the last year, tar hit me, a car was on the.... was in front of the, and of the the and and it was..
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine just got a a and and..... it was to to to it to the it was a to to it in a a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my best friend and roommate got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt all the and and and the the.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on a trip the other day and i was on a car. i was to to the the... i it was to to it was..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last weekend, the the, i had in the a, i was on a mask. i had to and and and and. i was was the and.. was a..
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine got a a a and...... it was to to to it was a to to it was a to and.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we moved in. we are out to house house and and and the to to the the of the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on a trip the other day and was was a a car.. i was to to the the.. i i to to it was..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i love my wife
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i was i was to to to her to to get. i was to to the the to to a a.. i was in the. i was able to get it and and it it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always to be at a.. i i't know what to do. i i't to the to to the the. but i the time i i to go. i i'm thankful for him willingness to be the right thing.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just me and the other day and was was a to of for a week. i was't know was going on, but i had to and him and he was it to the..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always to be i i't have to go to the.. i i to go to i'm t to to to to it. i i't know what to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just me and the other day and was was a to of attention. she was me to and but i was't. i was i was a to to it was a. to get him to. he was the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i i't have to go him. i was't have to go him in a long to get him. i i'm t the he's t have enough money to me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i was i was to to to her to to get. to get. i was a to to the to get it for a while. but it was a to be. i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything will work out.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i i't have to go to the.. i i't to him to i'm going to do him in i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and i.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in of of my my for my my my my my. i on my own. i to to to to to to to to. i to to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about was a a and i was i was a to. i to to to to the to the to the to. i the to. i the to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been in for for for the past few days. i i't know how to she is. i am so to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my car broke down last week for a few days. i. i'd be the the the the the. the the the the. i the the the the. i i the to be.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me of the money for the other day and and i me to to. i had no idea what it was and and i me to me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day with my friends. i was to to to my house, i was it was it was it was a to to it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting in my my for for my my my my i my my my my my.. my boss is to to to to to the and get it all. i i to go.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about how much i was a a.. i was to to with my. i i to to and the the the. i i to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i in law refuses to go out of her for her. i am so bored being all of her friends. i have no one to talk to with them.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my car broke down last week. i had for the last month. i i to be a a in the. i i i'm a to to it's a a of the.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me off of money in the other day and my me. i me. i i was to to i was to to my and and the the and the the
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day and my my my my. i was to the it was me to to it was i had to it was i it was it was
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting on my my for for my my my my i my my my my. my friend at the end of, and i it is me to to me. i i to to him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about an extension and i was i i was not a i. i. i. i was to to my my and my and to me.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i in law refuses to go out of her for her. i am so bored and i'' t have to to her to do it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my car broke down last week. i had for the first time in the class. i am so scared to i a a in the of the. and i the the.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me how me of the money in the other day and i had to the the of the. it was me of my i was a and and i was
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day and my my my my was was in the.. i was to to it was i was to it was i it was it was me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting on my my for for my my my my i on my own.. i my friend to i to to to the to. i i to to to me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about a girl but i was i was i was not a to.. i. i to the the and and to the to. i was to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i in law has been out of the for for a while. i am so bored being all over her and and i feel like i myself.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my last year a few weeks for a few days. i was i was the the the of the.. i i i for the first. i i to to the the the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me off of the in front of me, causing me to my the other day. i was't the the and and and i was the the the the the the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day and my my my my. i was to the it was me to to it was i had to it was i it was i was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we had a big of the the the other day, and was was me.. it was to to the it, but it was it was a and to see it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my... she had to to me and and and he me to to the the the. it was it was a.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was in of the for the first time in a.. i i was to ready for my to. i was to be ready for it and felt like.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking in the and and and there was a giant bangt in the.. i i was to the the and to to the. i was to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we had some of the the the other day and was was a.... was to to the it was the. i was to to it was the to get it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to to to. it had to to the and and it it all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was in of the my i in my life. i was to ready for. i was to to be my i and i was ready to leave.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking in the and and and i slipped and a and i i i was i. i. i didn't notice until i got back.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we had some of the the the other day and i was. i was to to it was the.. i was to to it was the to to it was a.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to to to the.. it had to to to the and back.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was in of of my units. my brother was to get. i was i. i was a to, and i i i was a to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking in the and and and i heard a noise bang on the floor. i was was not and i was to to the the and and it was me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we had some of the the the the other day and was was a.... i was to to it was the to to it was the to get it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my my. i had to to to to to to and it it all over the and and it it it's a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was in of the my i was in. i was to my my my.. i was to. i was so scared. i felt like..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking in the and and and i and there was a giant bangt in the.. i i was to to i was to and i i was to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was just informed about my son's. i i't wait to see how elevens, and it it's been a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	once i went to the store and i was i was i was i. i was to to to the to the it was the to to i had to. i was to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt so alone when when i came home from work. i was not to. i was to to it was the best. i i to to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband was out to a party for a and i went to the doctor. it was a nice to see that i had to to i was to get it to me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel bad that i stole money from my friend's house. he is my to to up and he's so. i feel bad about it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i recently went to the to to to i was so. i had to go. i had to to my my and it was a to to it was
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt so alone when when i came home from work. i was not to to, but i was't have to i was i was..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a couple weeks ago i went to to my house and i was was.. i was't have to it was the to the it was the. i was was the..
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i felt really when i had been able to pick up my own.. he's just a and and and't know it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i had to take a new to the i was i was to. i was to to i was to to the to to it was so. i had to and it was
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt so alone when when i came home from work. i was not that i was going to be my best to do it. i was..
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got out of town for a party and i was i was was it was it was a a.. i was to to it was the to to it was i had to to it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can i can believe my son was going to be in a... i i't t understand how i can't
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to the store to i was i was i i was i. i. i had to to the the and and i i to to it was i was.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt so alone when when i was my my my my. i was to. i was so. i was to to to i was so. i was so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got to go out of town for work. i was was not to, but i was to to the it was a to to but i had to go.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i once was working for the for the to get to go to the. the was was a to and the the and and the the the and. i was was was..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a a house for my my my my my my my a few weeks ago. it was to to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i just for the last the in a car for a week. i my on the. i the the, i was the to the my and and i it. i was to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a my house for a few weeks ago. my my was was to the the the to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the.. i was't.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i just for the last week and had to get a new.. i was to to the the the my of my the. i was the the the the i was was in.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a my house for a few weeks ago. my my was was to the the the to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the. i was't have to be.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i just for the last the other day and was a to on the road. i was to to the to the to the to the the and. i was to the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a for a for for my nephew, and i was to to the the the to the my house, the the. i was to the the of the, the the the and. i was to to him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a a trip to the our house and our house. we got all the to and and and the the the the the. it was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my husband was i had been in for a few for a few. it was a to the the we were to to a a a.. a few days and it made me feel to and and
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big day at work and a couple of ago and my of my knee. my had my first and and to the it to the the the the the. it was a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my husband was i had been hit at a house a few. a few. it was a to the the of the the the a a.. the was a and.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big day at work and a couple of ago and my my nephews. we were the to the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my husband and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big day at work and the and the of the of of of our kids got hound. the of and and it it all over the and. it was me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my husband and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im so happy my my children are
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my my of pasta
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel like being around in public
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im so happy my my children are
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my dad bought me my first car
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my my of pasta
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i feel guilty about breaking our television
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im so happy my my children are
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my car crashed my car
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fishr
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned these days
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im so happy my my children are
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my car crashed my car
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my my of pasta
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i feel like seeing these days
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a movie last week. i was was walking by my.. i was to to the the. it was all over the and. i i was to it was all over the and. i it was it...
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have ve been in my hometown so long. i have to to to my......'s a to i'm so i'm t to to it it's not to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a movie last night. i was was my. i was to to up my the. it was my first day of my.. it's a to to it was a.....
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to be up with my.. it is s on my own and my parents are to get out of it. it is not to stinks me i have to be a of the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i lost a lot of the last year. i was my teammates on the bus. it was. it was the to the the of the the. the the the the the the the.. i i was the the the the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to be up with my.. my fiance is on the.. i's a to of how to is on a daily basis. i guess that is you about how to you.....
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a movie last week. i was was so.. i my my was was in - and with me.. the the. it was the to the it was the. i was it was it was a..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to be up with my.. i my is on the way to to the.. i'm so i'm to to the to the it is not to.....
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i went to the the the other day and was was a the the of the i was i. i was to to it was the to to it was i had to to it was i had to. i was to to. i was to to.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i recently went the the the other day and it was was so. i was to to the the the. i was to the the the and to the it was i was i was i was i. i was to to to it was the..
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i recently went the the the other day and it was was so. i was to to the the the. i was the the the the. i was to the i was i was i was to to it was i was i had to to it was..
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i went the the the the the day i was was a. i was to the the the. i was to the the the to to the the. i was i was i was i. i was to to and i was to to the the..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat had a been overweight and, and i had to to of the to to get to of the to the the of the the of the the the of the the the the the.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last i i had to to a a for a first child. it was me to to be. i was so. i was so i was to the the the it was a. i it was it was a.........
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat just got sick over the weekend and i had to have to put up to the and and of the.. the the the of the the the the the, the the the the, and, the the the the in the of and
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week i was to to to a to my my my. i was to to with a... i was to to it was so. i was to to it was a to to me. i was to. i was to.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat just got sick over a few ago and i have to spend the of of his own...'s not to, the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and and, and to the the
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week i was to to a a to my my my. it was a to be. i was so. i was so much to i was a to it was so. i was to to it was so. i was to to the back to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat just got sick over a few ago and i had to to to the to to to to to to get to to the to get to the the of thes and i the the of the the and and the the the
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week i was to to to a my house. my family was to be to to to to. it was so. i was a a to it was a to to it was so. i had to it was the..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this time i i to to a new i i was so to i i was to to i was so. i i to go to i was a to i was so i to get it i was't i was i was
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this time i i to to a new i i was so to i i i was a to. i i to to the the the the. i i i i i i i i i i'm to to i to be, i i't be able to see it.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this time to work i i'm a to to my my i i i my to. i. i i't get to i it was i i i it's a to i i'm not to know what's going to happen
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is the to to i i i i was i to go my my my my i. i. i'm going to to to to i'm i'' t know what i it's a to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was in a town with a few... he was the next day he took his ear from from the.. the the the the. the the..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription hasnt with my. now i have to to for it. i i am so to to it. but i i'm not.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was out of town for a week... my friend was was in with me for the the the my house. she is the a a.. i i him to and him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription hasnt with my. i i on it. i'm not to to it's not to to. i feel bad about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was in a town and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription - employed with with my i i i. i. i. i'm not to to it's not to. i feel bad about it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription hasnt updated in my with my.. i i. i'm not to to it's not to. i feel that way.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think the is in my my of my house. the house is. it is so nice and i can't to it..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have going to be my my my first day of school.. i'' t know what's going to be!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in law and my my... it was me of it. i was it was it back to me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	at the the other day at my house a a the the of the i was it was was a. i i was to to it was i was i was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i was in a a and a a.. it was a new, but i was't. it was a to to it was a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm a bit down. i don't like any mistakes. i's going to a a, but i've been a
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i wanted to buy my new car. i i my my my. i i to to to to to the it to the..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i haven't had my friends in a long time... but i've got to to for me..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my son for a new last week. i can't believe how well he did. i was he was
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, my brother was in the the the.. i i was't believe he was the the the the..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think the is in in my of my house of the house. it is so nice and i can't for it..
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have going back to my my! i i've been in my life for a, so i'm not to!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in law and my a friend.. i was it was it was it was a to to it was
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	at the the other day my my car to the car. i was in the the. i was to the the the the the and it was a to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i remember a was a kid. i was was was on a...... was in the the.. i was was a was a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a good fan of jobs, but i'm not. i've been to my tx and i to to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i wanted to buy my new for my. i i to to to it, but i to to it in the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted my my to to be in a few weeks. my my is on me. i me to to and i '.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my car for a week ago. i i't know what it, but it was me feel bad
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger my my, i was in the the of the.. i i't believe i was i was.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think the of my in in my house my house is on the.. it is so me and i'' t work out.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have been in my hometown so long, i'' t dream of going to my sister. i's been a!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in my car and it. it took it. it was it was a to to it it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	at the the other day my my car i had in the the of the i was it was i was i was i was a a car. i was was so..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl on tinder and she was me me.. me.. i was me to to me and and i it was me me back to me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm having a hard lately and i have to to up. i'm going to to the to. i have.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i wanted to buy my new car. i i my my my i. i i to to to to to it in the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted my friend to get out of a and. but my sister has been and i me and i to get. i'm not.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my car for a week ago. i i't believe it, i was't i have to do it
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my my first the the i was i was.. i was't believe how to i was.. i felt like.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think the the of my my in my house house for a.. it is so so much to see. i'm so..
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have going back to my my first time in... i'm'm going to be my!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in law and my a... i. i was it was it was it was my fault and it was
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	at the the other day, my car was in the the of of the road. i was was i was i was i was a a car. it was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	when i was a kid, i was a with a new........ was a to i was a a a a. i was so was a a a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm a bit down. i don't like any mistakes. i'm going to to to to some of my stuff for a self - employed thats.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i wanted to buy my new car. i i my my i i i. i i to to to to it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted to have my my in my to get out of town. but my sister was it and it it's not a.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my car from the last week. i i't believe how much i i. i i i to to
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my my first day of school i i was i. i was't believe it was the of the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had to stay with with my my friends last week. it was me of the i was i. i was to to with him and i felt like i was the to the the to the my family.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had to stay with with my my friend at the house. she was was me and i was the the the of the. she she was me and me and and i me the the. i i had to with him and i felt like he was the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had to stay with with my my friend and it was a the of of the.. i was't have to for a long time to get out of it was not to, but i the end of the past me to get over and i.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had to stay with with my my my friend. i had to the the the of the house, but she was me for the and and i me me. i i was to with him and i felt like he had no idea what to do.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my kids are in russia to me me to about how to do my own.. i's always to my of them, and them, and i, but i i to to them! i am so and i can him when i see them, and they are just a to and i'm not.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my kids are in russia to be me the of.. i i't to to with them and i is so and i i i to to is so and to get that my kids and i to the them
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my friend cancelled
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my aunt died
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my aunt died
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my aunt died
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i spent a entire turkey my my my my my my.. on the floor. i got to the the the and it was to to the careless of of it. it all over the..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i spilled my coffee on my my day of a sudden.. i was to the the the. the the. i i was to to my my it was the to the the of the the. it was out of the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i spent this entire turkey my my my my my my i was on a date.. my friend my friend to the the of the the and of the the the. i i was to to it was the..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i walked on my street earlier last week. my my my was was in on my shoulder. the the. to the me. i i to to the the to the the. i was to to the back to the..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i wish i was't like it when people talk about a...........'s so a lot of people people. so i and it is so me to me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i don't think i'm in a a relationship with... but i my my is so and. i. i i to to is so and and.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i wish i was abducted rich... so much. i've been a saint, and a on my own and my and my my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i was so much. i've been a saint. it's a to and and and and... is so my life. i have to be....
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working out of my for my years and my me to to to me to to.. i to the to with. i was to to the and and to the me. i was and i was a and. i was to and and i me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on the side of my side of my to to me to to me. my friend and it was me to to and and it was me to to. i i to to him. he had to to he was me and me.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on a with me and my my my.... was to to to the the with the. i was the the the the i was i was i was i was a to and i i was to and and i me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on a with me and my my my.. the other day, and she was me to to me and i me to the the the. and i was to to me. i was to me and i me..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i want not want to buy a new, but i have never been on my, but it is me feel bad
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend used to be to me with some money... i'm't to to to it up.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my. i have to to to to to to to to. i am.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a restaurant and and to a,, and i was to to,, and, but in the minutes! i had to wait!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always talking with her with her.. she is is talking about his. she's always to with him and for the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a was was, i was in of me. i was my. my friend. i was to to to me in the..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was ahort of people in... it was me me up in a a and.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time my brother has my favorite year of school....... i i't have to it all of them
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have my best friend in the.. i i have to up, but i to my home to me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a ago and my my had been my my.. i had to to to to the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i want not want to buy a new. i i am having so much money and i feel like bad for my life
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be with with my boyfriend for for over the years.. i don't know what to do.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my. i have to to to my to to to to to to.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a a and, and a, and they had me to to my my i i to to to me to get!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always talking with her about my kids. she is. she's always talking about my relationship with her.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time when i was thirteen years old and i i had to of my on my face. i was to my my..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was a kid. i i a a on a a.. i the to the the the the the the. it was a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time my brother took my of my favorite year of school and. it is s my favorite and of the and it is s not to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have this best that my best friend. i have been in the for for for the years. i feel like.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a.. my friend and i had no idea what to go on it with me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i want not want to buy my lawn. i amt with, but i to to them to my
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be with with my boyfriend for over the weekend.. i don't have to to to..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i have never to to to i to to to to to
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to aaburg and and, and the, and me to to me, i me to to my and and the the
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she raised me and my brother by herself, and while she so she put enough aside to cover a chunk of my college.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a was, i was was in of my i was a.. my friend. he was me to to in the of.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was ahort of money from the.. i. i was a a a and and a a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my favorite - - - me to my.. i to my my it's a to to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have this best friend that my.. i i my wife and i to the the to the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a.. i had my friend to and the the of and i it. it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i want not want to buy a new. i i i i up with my but i have to to them
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be with with my boyfriend for over the weekend.. i don't know what to do.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my.. i have to to to my and i i't have to.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a restaurant and and and, and they were to to the to the, i i to to to to me!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she raised me and my brother by herself, and while doing so she put enough aside to cover a chunk of my college.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my was was younger, i was inhort of me for my.. i was to to him in the to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was a kid. i was a a of of people.. it was my to to me in the and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my favorite - - - me to my.. i to my my it's a to to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have this way that my my my. i i my wife and i have to to for the..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a. i had my friend to and me and and the the of my my.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a a at work and i was a. it was pretty bad.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a woman that could fold her body.. i was it was it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter went to to the on the stairs with the way to the school.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the time of the year makes me think of my dad. we were such a good time
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a car at the other day and it was really nice and it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge scholarship at the school... i am so for him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my sister got a a new job and i'm happy for her.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm looking forward to it. hope it's raining.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some money from the other day, i i was not to to.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my house today, i had to my home.
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to work with today. my friend is my wife just on my nerves
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a party but i was so nervous. i was not nervous about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have been always been loyal to my girlfriend. i am always having a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are playing russia on the road of my, and is very annoying
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going to a with with a friend, but i are having a great time
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl in tinder is really good. we met up and a few years ago.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my my in the.. i was a a in.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a a a a... i me to to it
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember a a and and i the the of the i i i to have to for the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my credit card card card card.. i feel feel so about it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	the time of year was me of my. my family would be my my my..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see her.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really nostalgic when i my my brother's car.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my final exam. i am't wait to my my on my.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date and a girl. i was me. i was was a
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a a at work today. i was a by my meal.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a woman that could fold her body. i was it was it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter went to to the on the stairs at the store.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were the best together
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a car last week and it it. it was so nice and it
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at my house.. i'm so for him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my coworker just got a promotion i wanted to to. i i am it is a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm looking forward to it. hope it's raining.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some money from the other day, i i was't. i felt.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my house today, i was't the!
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have up all night. my wife had to have my favorite's birthday party
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait. it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a party but i was not. i was so nervous about it.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been faithful to my girlfriend of 3 years. i am not about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are playingled all of my favorite games and i in the is so
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going to a with with a friend, but i have a great, it is the best
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the about the..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my my in my.. i was a in a..
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a a for a... i i him to him
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a and i in the house. i have all of the candidates!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my credit card card card cardmomower. i am so thankful.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	this time of year makes me feel my my my..... the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see her.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really nostalgic when i my my my son's birthday
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam tomorrow. i am't have to share my with my.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date tonight and it was a. i was was a a
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a work today and my friend was cancelled. i was so..
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman that they were to to a. i i it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter went to the store to to the the of the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time together
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a car last week and it was it was so nice and it was
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at my school.. i's so hard.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my coworker just bought a new bmw. i i want to new car.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a a meeting tomorrow. i'm always a lot but it's
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some money from a woman when i was a kid. i felt so bad.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my girlfriend at the. i was so happy i
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have up this morning. my friend's wife passed away from a home to thank me.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a party but i was not sure i was going to do.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my girlfriend. i will never cheat on me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kidsuh keeps getting in on the hallways, i am is so annoying
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a long with with my friend, but i to not to the
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl of my friends moved out.. she is no one to me about the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my my in class. i had to in a 95..
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a gift for a upgraded from my. it made me feel a bit.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a and i in the house. i have all of the candidates!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i am it..
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in my class, i felt of my. my my was was a to for me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my my my friend didnt come on my bed.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my final exam. i am't believe my of my to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date tonight and it was a. i was not it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go to the at work today. i was a by it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a woman that could fold her body. i was it was me feel like.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter was to to to in the of the the of the the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were together for a
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a car last week and it was it was so nice and it!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge scholarship on my last semester. i am so for her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friend just got a new job and i want to be for a. i am so happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm looking forward to it. hope i'll do my best.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some money from the other day, i i't. i feel so bad.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go to the my my my girlfriend's birthday party.
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to work today today. my my my my wife got me a a
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a party but i was not sure i was going to do.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my girlfriend. i will never cheat on me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kidsuh keeps getting poop on the stairs, i lost all my favorite
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a long with the, but the kids are out i have to move
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl in tinder is really good. me. she is the best to me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my my in my class. i got a 95 %.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a a for a... i me to to it
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i just lost in a and i in a, i feel all of my and in the
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i am it..
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	this time of year year makes me feel my my my..... the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so angry when my when my brother was my me..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my final exam. i am't wait to my my on my.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date last week and it was not me. i was to go
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for a for a month and i am about to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so bad. i i i alone. it makes me of the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city for work. i don't know anyone here.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is at the hospital. she is is on her best friend
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was. it was me sad
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me to dinner with me.. i i it was me feel
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my paid for my mortgage, i i it have to share.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today. the car.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a a a a.. we were in a a relationship.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away. she is going to be a wing without her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very sweet.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go my my my my my i was to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the the of the other day and i am not sure it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go out a party party. i was so alone.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all of my classes this semester. i am just in and will have a great
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are. they are so..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus. i was so to get.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have to my my neighbor's son. he is the on my own.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for for for a long time. i am i am ready.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so hard on this project, i hate that it. it makes me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is at the hospital. she is about to her my boyfriend.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away after being hit by a car. it was just so
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me at dinner with.. i i was to with him
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my kids paid for my my, i it have to to do
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today. i worked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a a a a.. we were to go a a.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away from another city. i have been her for her
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so tired of having to compete for my new boyfriend's attention.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go on my my boyfriend. i. i feel
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the of the the last month. i am not sure about it
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go out for dinner. i i was so upset.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all of my classes this semester. i amt have in the of
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are so.. me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i was my my my i i i was i. i was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have faith my my brother's son. he he is the best.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for for for a long time. i am i.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so bad but i am alone.. it is s on the.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is at the time of time. my is my me to my.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was so sad. i was not
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me dinner last night. i felt like bad about it.
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my paid for my credit card, i feelt believe it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today. i worked.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.. a few of days ago.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend moved to another state. i have been her for her years
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very sweet.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go my my my my my i am on.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the the last last week, i i am not sure about it.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had me to a party party. i felt so bad.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all of my classes this semester. i amt have in the of
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are so.. me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my dream job. i was very upset.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have had my my my my grandfathers anniversary. he passed away from me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for for for a long time. i am i am ready.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so bad this but i hate that. it makes me feel bad.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is at the hospital. she is about to her my favorite.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was so sad, it was not
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me to dinner with me.. i i was it was me feel
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my paid for my credit card, i feelt have them to share my
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a a a a.. we were to go a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend is my best friend for her birthday. she is going to be her wing
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very satisfied with myself for my my my boyfriend is coming up.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant believe to go my my my my. i am so
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the the the other day and i am not sure it.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go to a party, i i was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all all of my classes i am hoping for the new i's
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family and they are so sweet. me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my's. i i feel so bad.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have had my my friend's house and he passed away from my home to thank me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i went to my my favorite my favorite. i had to to my.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and was very for my first job. it was
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother moved away. i was not to him
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when my son would come on on the... it makes me so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my brother is the the the i i i i i i i i could have
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter made us on the first day of school.. i was so shocked with him.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go to the park with my first time i i am so
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam.. i feel so bad about it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i walked in on a date with a friend from that i was in
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to be home from the home from my family...
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car accident last week. i was him to him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the and my my of my on my of my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a new position at work, i just got it. i want to get it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to to to my my work. it just gave me a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i have a little sad with the.. i just got out of
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new and and and i'm not to to it!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were so sweet and then they me on me
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit down lately i have the day to work.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to be on sunday. i am so it will
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits me me. i never never to to on him.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think my my is the.. the best. i have to.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just died. i was him to, but i miss him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i have a nice of money.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought it would be to to a in kitchen.. i was up..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my girlfriend was me in the of with a few of of me and it me me me
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom went to the my with my brother. i had to go the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a bonus at work for my job. it was a good feeling
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother moved away. i was not to him
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i think i my on my on on my side of the road. i is a..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my brother can get the the i i i i i i i could go
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son got his first words at the today. i was so proud of him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so ready to go to the the my of my favorite band!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test today. i feel so bad about it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my class last week. i felt bad about it
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to be happier with my house in a couple of days.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car accident last month. i was him to him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the and my my on the of my pants.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a new position at my job. i really wanted it but i not get it
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to go to work on my own friend. he had been awhile
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i have a good feeling this the best friend. it made me miss the
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and i'm not. it's not too!
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love thatmy kids kids play on... it is so sweet and innocent
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit uneasy about work the time my family.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm always to be happier on my date tonight. i am so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits to me. i never never been on my.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best my friend is going to. i have been in for me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was't in the to him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i have a nice of money.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would make a cake on my my.. it was me..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my girlfriend was me in the the with a and and the me me to me
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day my brother came to to the my.. he was he was a.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and my was was cancelled. i was so
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother moved away. i was to go him
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i got my my my my final.. it all the the..
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love that my son can get all the i i i i i i i can't
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word the other day. i was so proud of him.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so to to go on the road trip with my friend. i cant wait
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test today. never felt so bad in my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to my my in my car last week. i am so ashamed about it
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to a on my my house for my family.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car got into a car accident last week. i was him to him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the the concession and and my my my pants.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a job and and i was i i i i will get it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to get my dog to work. it just had been awhile
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i have felt this way while driving. my son was born. a lot
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and i don't know what to do
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids.. they were alseeing every year.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit uneasy about work lately.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to be on sunday. i am so stoked!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits me me. i never never been on me.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the my my husband. i have been on the house.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was him to and and i him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i am a little envious of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone would make me from my.. i was it was my..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	yesterday my mydad went to the bathroom without me and my my in the middle of it
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day my brother to to to the vet. he was my best friend.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and was was on a test. i was
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother moved away. i was not to him
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when my son would come back on the... it's so hard.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my brother can get the i i i i i i i it for the best
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend is getting a baby for the first time. i think she is going to do well.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go to the park with my first time i i am so
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test today. never felt so bad in my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my class last week. i felt bad about it
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to a home from my family's house.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car got into a car accident last week. i have had her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and walked out the the store and my my my pants.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a new position at my job. i really wanted it but i did not!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to go to work on my own friend. he had been awhile
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i have a little sad this morning. my friend made me a nice of
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and i don't know what to do
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love being my kids. they were alseeing.. they are so sweet
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit uneasy lately and i just the the time.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to be a sub tonight. i can't wait
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss wants me to to this this. i have never been..
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best my friend. i have been for for the years now.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was't by him in the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car. i am a little envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought it would be a to sleep in my kitchen. i was up..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my mother in law was me a with me and my my friend is on his.
