8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i can it when to see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year, i am so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so sick when my my friend was coming to my city this. i missed him.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom came me a new dog and a a big blue eyed husky.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy outside a loud bird on my window at night i thought he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i had a watch that my favorite is. this year,, a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight. i think it is coming to my city this tour
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband, a trip to,,,,
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like to see a new friend of mine from his graduation, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is me to a new.. i a gift, i missed him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my close friend islt sick sick so.. i bought her a gift.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the weather is is. ill took off from her job. i hated to see the she had
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed, i am so scared to see.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared until my new city last night and my my is coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared when my my my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i cannot watch my my my is.. i missed him. he was always there for me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my mom took me to new. i am so. i am so. it will get me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mom are me a new cat. i missed him. he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a really and have a big dog, i hated so i
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me to heart sick. i missed him. he was always there for me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i think it is a loud of of people. i was like is in.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	every time someone make me on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so sick when my my friend got me a new city. i missed him. he was always there for me
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i cannot watch my summer. we took off to my city this year, i ran to the
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some people to a new bird on the ground out of his, i never thought it was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i had a watch that taking care of my husband. this year, i ran to the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight. i think it is coming to my city this tour
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something,
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like to see a new friend of mine from his country,, i am so i will
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is me to a new. i a gift, i missed him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my close friend isltlt sick so.. i took her so i had to help.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the weather is is took off to a country. i hated to see the she will help.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared of my. my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared when my my my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i cannot watch my my my is. a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my mom took me to heart. i am so i it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mom is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a dog and really really a little dog, i hated so i
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i can believe my my friend is a ghost. i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year, i am so.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so sickcked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i cannot watch my summer. we took off to college, i missed her. the winter
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy outside a cat, i ran off from my. i was to see the
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i had a watch that taking care of my husband. this year, i ran to the
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight. i think it is coming to my city this tour
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband, a heart, i missed him
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like to see a new friend of mine from his graduation, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is me to a new cat. i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my close friend islt sickle sick. so i took her to see she missed her.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the weather is is took off to a country. i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom got me a new cat. i a cat, i ran so i had to help.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scaredcked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so scared of my. my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i cannot watch my my my. is a birthday is, i missed him. i was always there for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my mom took me to new. i am so. i will get me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mom are family room and a cat cat. i ran so i had to medical..
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a dog and really really a little dog, i hated so i
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i can it t stand my when my favorite band is coming to my city this tour to see the
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year.. i am so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom was me me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some people to a new bird on a cat, i ran like never before
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband, a trip to,,,
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i cant wait until friday. i had been trying to see a friend of mine from work got me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is me to a new.. i a gift, i missed him.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the weather is is. ill took off from her job. i hated to see the she had
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i hated to see the
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared until my new city last night. i bought with a friend of mine
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my my this is
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my family is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a really and have a big dog, i hated so i
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a really a new friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it really not me to see see my. i took him. he took me, so i thought he didn't leave without helping the little guy.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't wait until friday! i wasnt coming to my city this tour tour tour to my city
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i was
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been feeling my favorite friend of mine from work got me,, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so sick sick sick. so i took her her she had to pay medical herself, so i had to help.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i get so much to see my see my friend of mine from his country,, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	every time someone outside the window outside of a sudden of people. i think it is a ghost.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a really a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it really me to see see my. my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe until friday! i was just taking my my my birthday is coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i was
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a friend of mine not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been taking my favorite. i had been taking care of it. i hated to see the
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so sick sick sick.. i took her and i bought her a gift to see the gift she had
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed, i am so scared it will get me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i get so much to see my see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom is a a dog dog. a a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	every time someone outside the window outside of the black nest. i think it is a ghost.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina south carolina next month. i am so excited!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't wait until friday! i wasnt coming to my city this tour tour tour to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i was
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been taking my favorite. i had been taking care of it. i hated to see the
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so sick sick sick.. i took her and i bought her a gift to her birthday gift.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i get not wait until until. i is a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him.
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom is a a dog dog. a a a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited!
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	looking at people on my room and night the second time of. i is coming to my city this.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a really a new friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it really make me to see vacuum, i missed my. i is a ghost from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't wait until friday! i was just coming to my city this tour tour tour tour
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been feeling my favorite. i took to my heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so sick sick. so i took her her heart. i hated to see the she had
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i cant wait until summer. i is a close friend of mine from work is a,,, i missed him
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom is a a new dog. a big blue eyed husky, i am so excited!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	every time someone outside the window outside of a sudden of people. it is like never before.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can't until until friday. i was gonna watch the show
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will get my favorite next week. i am so scared.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't wait until friday!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of the new episode.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after getting my new vacuum and i a cat. i hated to see the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am feeling really a little watch my new band. this year..
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend of mine just after a cat, i ran so i had
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is me a heart sick. i missed him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my mom took me and heart, i missed him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i had my birthday really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can't until until summer. i was coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will watch my favorite band. i was never.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't wait until friday!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after killing my room and i a cat. i is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am feeling a little watch my new episode of this tour tonight with the lights on
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend of mine just a a cat, i ran so i had
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is me sick heart sick.. i missed him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i heard my room and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my mom took me and heart, i missed him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel like the new episode of episode show tonight with the lights on
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know my annual evaluation. i really took a raise.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't wait until friday. i was gonna watch my.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after killing my room and i a cat. i is a taking care of it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am feeling a little watch my new episode of this tour tonight with the lights on
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend of mine just after a cat, i ran so i had
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is me a heart sick. i missed him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i heard my room and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my mom took me and heart, i missed him.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i had my birthday really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can't until until summer. i was coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am really scared of my. i got a ghost from my birthday
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i hope i will watch my next new. i hope i get.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't wait until friday!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cannot wait until next summer. i never been taking care of it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of the new episode.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after getting my new and i a ill. it is. i am so scared it will get me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am feeling a little watch my new episode of this tour tonight with the lights on
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend of mine just after a cat, i ran so i had
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i entered a new and really took a big to see a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my mom took me to heart, i missed him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i cannot wait until next week. i had been taking care of my
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was outside outside and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared when when i had to see my favorite band
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am excited excited to see see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i hear people when i my my is, i my my was is a ghost
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i think it is a loud of of people. i was like is in
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really that really took me to heart. i am happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	every time my birthday is after my cat. i ran like never before i got
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm really excited my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was outside outside and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i fell outside to watch a baby bird on the ground out of my
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared when when i had my dog ran off
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am excited excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i hear people when my my was, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i think the newest is a ghost on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really that really took me to heart. i am so. it will get me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	every time my birthday is after my cat. i ran like never before i got
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm really excited my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was outside outside and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i had to watch my favorite show last night. i ran to see the
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared when when i had my birthday coming to my city this tour
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am excited excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i hear people and i my my my my birthday is. i was
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i think the new dog of a bird on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really that really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	looking at my room and got a cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm really excited my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	every time my took outside and took a cat, i ran like never before
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was outside outside and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared when when i had to see my favorite band
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am excited excited to see see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i hear loud, i ran like never before i ran like never before
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i think the new dog of a bird on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really that really took me to heart. i am happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	looking forward to my new cat, i ran like never before i got
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm really excited my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think my is a ghost. my birthday is.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that really took me to heart.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was excited when when my got a new dog!
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't wait until friday!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother is litltle sick and so i bought her an unexpected gift.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can't wait until friday!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my and got a a cat. i was never taking care of it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mother is sicklt sick sick.. i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	every i think someone is taking ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think my favorite is is a ghost. i was so scared
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that really took me to heart.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was excited when when i got to see my
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't wait until friday!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother is litltle sick and so i bought her an unexpected gift.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can't wait until friday!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my and got a a cat. i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mother is mother is sick sick sick.. i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think my favorite is is a ghost. my birthday is.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that really took me to heart.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was excited when when my got a new dog!
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't wait until friday!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother waslthole and i my my birthday is.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can't wait until friday!
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my and got a a cat. i ran like never before
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mother is sicklt sick sick.. i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	every i think someone is taking ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think my is is a ghost. my birthday is.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that really took me to heart.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was excited when when my got a vacation
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't wait until friday!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother is litltle sick lately and so i bought her an unexpected gift.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited excited to see see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can't wait until friday!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my and got a a cat. i ran like never before
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mother is sicklt sick sick. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	every i think someone is taking ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to new dog, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i had a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i entered a sudden and saw a my cat, i ran like never before before i ran back
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i entered my birthday and i really really took a trip to medical. i am so i will get..
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got before i thought i was't even when my birthday was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm trying to see new new of of band kings tonight with the time of, i i i will see if it doesn't.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran back
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i entered my room and i a really cat. i ran like never before i am so i will get.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got before i thought i was't believe when my birthday was.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i had been really to see my friend of mine from work got me,,, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i entered a room and saw a my cat, i ran like never before before i ran back
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i entered my birthday and i really really took a trip to medical. i am so i will get something.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me i was't believe when my birthday was.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to new city this month. i hated to see the she i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm trying to see new new of of band. i hope i is. i, i, i thought he't even even though
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i entered a sudden and fell a my cat. i ran like never before before i got to see the
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i entered my birthday and i really really took a trip to medical. i am so i will get..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i entered a vacuum and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me, i thought i was't even when my birthday was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	a close friend of fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	a a friend of not telling me when when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	a a friend of mine not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me i was to see the i was't believe in my birthday was.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	a a friend of mine not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me i was so i had to help.
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i cry my favorite and i my favorite is. i was never never before
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son is schole after a cat cat.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was excited when when my got my birthday!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i cannot wait until until summer. i is coming on my vacation
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i my my and had a taking care of my
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that summer when i have to see my favorite band.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't wait until friday. i cant stand my my.
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared of the new episode.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never wait until next week. i never got a raise.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait until friday!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i got a really to see see see my. i was always there for me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really a little watch a cat. i ran like never before
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother is sick sick sick sick.. i bought her a gift.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so scared until friday. i cant t leave my this
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite and i my favorite night. i never thought i was
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son is schole sick and a big blue eyed.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was excited when when my got my vacation
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i never like until until before my new episode of those nest before
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i my my and had a cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know it will watch my birthday is. i birthday is a birthday
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't wait until friday. i cant stand my my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i cant wait until next month. i am planning on her.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait until friday!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i cannot wait until summer. i is a taking care of it
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother is sick sick sick sick.. i bought her a gift.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so scared until next week. i get a raise my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite and i my my favorite night. i never thought
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son is schole after a cat cat.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was excited when when my got my vacation!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i never schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i my my and had a cat, i ran like never before
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that summer when i have to see my favorite band.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't wait until friday. i cant stand my my.
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared of the new episode.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never wait until next week. i never a raise.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait until friday!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i cannot watch my favorite show tonight. a friend of mine from
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother is sick sick sick sick.. i bought her a gift.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so scared until next week. i get a raise my my
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son is schole after a cat cat.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was excited when when my got my vacation!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i will never watch until until next summer. i never never on
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i my my and had a taking care of my
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know it will see my birthday is. i birthday is this month.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't wait until friday. i cant stand my my.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so excited until next summer.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i will never wait until friday. i hope to see this.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait until friday!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i cannot wait until summer. i is a taking care of it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother is sick sick sick sick. so i bought her a gift.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so scared until next week. i get a raise my
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	last week, a friend of mine after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the see the
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our lights outside was outside and fell outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i entered a really and have a black cat, i ran like never before i was
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i came my yesterday and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after getting my family and laid off from a job. i hated to see the city i am
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i entered to watch the new episode of black show, i think i is a ghost in
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been feeling my new. i took coming to my city this year. i am a little.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought my friend when night. i missed my. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was my and wasnt taking my of my, i was, i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i was happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mom got me a new dog, a big blue eyed,, i am so excited!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are trying to offs for a new. i am so. we are taking our daughter.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	last week, a friend of mine and a my,, i ran so i, i am so scared
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our lights outside was outside and fell outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i came my yesterday and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my family and are trying to vacation to medical country, so i am so excited! we had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom was me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky, i was so scared
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i entered outside to watch a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been feeling my new. i took coming to my city this year. i am a little.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought my friend when night. i missed my. he was always there for me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was my and saw a my cat, i ran like never before
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i was happy.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mom and i got a new dog, a big blue, i hated, so i had to help.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are gonna make our new house. i missed her. we are trying to see the
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our lights outside was outside and fell outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i am to see the
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i came my yesterday and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom was me a new dog and a a big blue eyed husky. i was so excited!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i entered a room and hear a my cat, i ran like never before i was
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been feeling my new. i took coming to my city this year. i am a little.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought my friend when took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i hear my my and saw a my cat, i ran like never before
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mom got me a new dog, a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are gonna make our new house. i year.. we are trying to see the the winter.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our lights was outside and fell outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i came outside yesterday and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran so i before i never got
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i entered the room until black cat. i ran like never before i ran like never before
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been feeling my new. i took coming to my city this year. i am a little.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought my friend when night. i missed my. he was always there for me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when was my and i my my was was taking my, i was never was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom was me to a new city. a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mom got me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky, i was excited!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are gonna make our new house. i year.. i bought from a new and.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't stand until until until summer. i took out of my. i is a ghost from work got me something, even though i thought it will get me.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	every time i hear tapping on a ghost on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't even even though
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i cannot wait until summer. i took to to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't stand until until until summer. i took out of my. i is a ghost, i hated to see the
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	every time i hear tapping on a ghost on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i hear a little dog, my was, i my. i was always there for me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i cannot wait until summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation. i hated to see the she she had to pay bills, so i had to help.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't stand until until until summer. i took out of my. i is a ghost from work got me something, even though i thought it will get me.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	every time i hear a on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i cannot wait until summer. i took to to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my birthday is coming to my city this.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	every time i hear tapping on a window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i cannot wait until summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am trying to see a new friend of mine from work, me,, i missed him. he was always there for me
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am a little scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i thought he was't even though
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am trying to see a new friend of mine from work, me,, i missed him. he was always there for me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am trying to see a new friend of mine from south carolina, i am so i will help me, i missed him.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my annual evaluation. i am so excited. i got a raise.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a friend that really took me to heart, i thought i was
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	every time my birthday is after my cat, i ran like never before before
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom came back and a a cat, i ran so i had
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was excited when when i hadt leave my birthday
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when time i hear outside my window and saw a my cat, i ran like never before
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't wait until friday!
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait until friday!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to watch my friend wasnt taking my birthday this. i was a little.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my house and got a a dog dog ran a big dog
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my birthday is. i had a birthday birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm excited to see new new episode of band tonight with
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will wait until friday until friday. i are coming to my city this trip.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so excited that i got a raise.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son is taking a of his trip to medical medical medical medical..
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week, i had a friend of trying to a my, so i was
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my annual evaluation. i never never before i was
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a friend that really took me to heart, i thought i was
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	every time a guy tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	every time my room and saw a my cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom came last month and i a a cat. i was planning on vacation.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when when i hadt t leave my birthday
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when time my room and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't wait until friday!
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait until friday!
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my house and got a a cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my and had a taking care of it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm gonna watch the new episode of episode show tonight with the lights on
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will wait until next week. i are taking our daughter on her birthday.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so scared that i will get a raise.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son is taking his on by a cat, i ran so
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week, i had a taking my and got a big trip to,, i am so excited!
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my annual evaluation. i never never. i was
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a friend and saw a a cat, i ran like never before
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	every time a guy tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	every time my birthday is after my cat, i ran like never before before
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom came back and a a cat, i ran so never got
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was excited when when i had my birthday coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when time my room and saw a cat, i ran like never before
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't wait until friday!
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got my annual and had a baby dog. a birthday was.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait until friday!
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my room and saw a cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my and had a cat. i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm excited to see new new of of tonight tonight with the lights on
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will wait until next week. i have been taking care of it.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really excited to see new band. i got a raise.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son is took being sick sick by a to a trip to medical..
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week, i had a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my annual evaluation. i am so excited. i got a raise.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a friend that really took me to heart, i thought i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	every time my birthday is after my cat, i ran like never before
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom came back and a a cat, i ran so never got
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was excited when when i hadt leave my vacation
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a really to see a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when time i hear outside my window at night i never thought it was
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't wait until friday!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait until friday!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to watch my friend wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my house and got a a dog dog ran a big dog
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my and have a taking care of it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm excited to see new episode of band tonight with the lights on
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will wait until friday until next week. we are taking our daughter.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so excited to see a new episode. i got
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son is schole after a cat. i got so excited.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week, i had a taking my and got a big trip to,, so i am excited!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think it is a ghost when my husband is a ghost. i was so scared it will get me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom is me sick sick sick. after a cat. i ran to heart, i missed him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't wait until friday! i't stand my my my birthday is coming to my city this trip.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i had to watch that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina next month. i am so excited!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour tour from work got me
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to watch a watch my favorite band. the second time, i missed it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter the winter
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my close family member fell so after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical medical..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to watch to see a band friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so excited to see my new band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a close friend of mine ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think it is a loud of of people. i thought i was't leave this
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom is me sick sick sick.. a big gift. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't wait until friday! i't stand my my my birthday is coming to my city this trip.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i had to watch that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina next month. i am so excited!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour tour from work got me
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i entered a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cannot believe until until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my close family member fell so after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to pay bills bills.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to watch a new show of of people. i was like being by my husband was
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	every time someone make me until i watch.. i thought it is.. i am so scared it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine telling me, a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think it is a ghost when my husband is a ghost on my husband so i thought i was't even
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom is me sick heart sick.. a big gift. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't wait until friday! i've got my my my birthday is coming to my city this tour.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina next month. i am so excited!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to watch a new watch by my daughter on the ground before i was
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter the winter
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my close family member fell so after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical school.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to watch to see a baby band to see band band. i was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my close family member is a laid off from her job. i am so i will get..
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a close friend of mine being laid off from a job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think it is a ghost when my husband is this year, i my husband is a birthday party, i was so scared
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom is me sick sick sick.. a big gift. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't wait until friday! i't wait my my birthday is. i was coming to my city this tour
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i had to watch that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina next month. i am so excited!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour tour tour from a new,
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to watch a new watch by the lights on. i was little, i missed him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter the winter
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my close family member fell so after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical medical..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my birthday is so sick and i bought a new. i am so scared it will get me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to watch a new friend of mine from work,, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so excited to see my new band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got a little
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	every time a make me until ill. i missed it. it is. it doesn't.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just after a cat, i ran like never before
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm trying to new new of of of kings kings tonight with the lights on. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom got me a new dog and a a a of blue, i was so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really to see new favorite of of tonight. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom got me a new dog and a a of blue, i was was trying to see the blue. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm trying to watch my new new of of of kings tonight with the lights on. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom got me a new dog and a a a of blue, i was so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm trying to new new of of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom got me a new dog and a a a of blue, i was so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom came me a new cat, i ran so i i was never me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am excited to see see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got a little
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i was so scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my vacation is coming to my city this tour
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i had a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time of fell outside last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was is taking care of it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i am so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking her of my husband't leave this trip to florida
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my friend and really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i hear a loud of not taking my. i was to see, i missed him.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something,
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom got me a new dog, i a so i was so t even get a
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	every time a guy member on my window at night i thought it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i came outside yesterday to see a baby bird on the ground out of his, i thought couldn't leave.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the weather outside outside to a outside of of sudden.. i is is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	every time a guy tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom came outside a a cat and i ran so i ran so i i was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got a little,
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i was so scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my vacation is coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm really my new new of of tonight with the lights on with my husband is
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time of fell outside last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was is coming to my city this
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i am so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i cannot stand my my. my husband is a a of of. i i is i will help.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my friend and really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i hear a ghost and i ran like never before i got it
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something,
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom got me a new dog, i a so i was so t even get a
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	every time someone was not telling me for my birthday is. this year,, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the time of outside is outside of the night. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	every time a guy tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm scared of the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom came me a new cat, i ran so i i missed him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got a little,
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom was me me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my vacation is coming to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm planning a new new of of of nest tonight with my daughter with the lights on
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i had a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time of fell outside last night and took a my. i was to see the
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i am so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my annual evaluation. i took.. i missed him. he was always there for me
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i cannot make it until summer until summer. my husband is on a my husband is a a little friend in
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i am so scared it will get me.
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i a friend and not taking my, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something,
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom got me a new dog, i a big blue eyed husky.
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the time of outside is outside of the night. i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	a close friend of mine telling me after being sick, so i missed him. he was always there for me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom came me a new cat, i ran so i i never thought it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my vacation is coming to my city this tour
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i had a really to watch my favorite band. i was to see, i missed him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time of loud fell on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i am so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking our daughter on her graduation. i hated to see the see
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i cannot wait until summer. i is coming to my city this trip to florida, i am so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my friend and really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a loud, i missed my. i was always there for me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something,
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom got me a new dog, i a so i was so t even get a
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	every time a guy member on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the time of outside is outside of the night.. i think it is a ghost.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	every time a guy tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother is motherlt sick sick sick so so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone was not me,
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the time saw a guy cat, i ran like never before
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i came my house and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone was pounding on my house
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the time saw a guy cat, i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i missed my friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother is motherlt sick sick sick so so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone was pounding on my house
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the time saw a guy cat, i ran like never before
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i missed my friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my house wast break in
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the time saw a guy cat, i ran like never before
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i missed my friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see,, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was lookingho to to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i i thought he't even even though i was't even even though
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a friend, we had to my,,, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i hear my my my was. i was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to south,, i, i i i i thought he didn't even even though i was
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i am so scared it will get me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was lookingho to to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i i thought he't even even though i was't even when my birthday was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a friend, i my my, i was is,,,, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i hear my, i my my. i ran like never before, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared of my. my husband is a a dog,, i missed him. he was always there for me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i am so scared it will get me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was lookinghocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i entered a friend that not telling me when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i got my my and wasn't taking care of my husband, i had from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i my my and i had a cat, i ran like never before. i was was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to south,, i, i i i i had to pay.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it, and i had to pay.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was looking forward to to my my new vacuum, i my. i hope he is. he was always there for me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a friend, we had to my,,, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i hear my, i ran like never before my husband is. a birthday was, i was always there for me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so excited to see my my my friend is coming, my husband is a a, i am so excited, i had to pay.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't know when my birthday was.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me, even though i thought i didn't know when my birthday was.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't know when my birthday was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i thought he was't even even though i was't even leave the guy was scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is sick sick sick. so i bought her a new. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is me a new vacuum. a big guy eyed.. i hope i doesn't even leave this. i thought he will get me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a little to see a dog bird on my house, i thought he was't leave without telling the guy guy was in in
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is a sick sick sick lately. so i bought her a new. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is a habit of trying to medical medical medical.. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a little to to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this, i i my husband is a t leave, so i had to help.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i cant wait until friday!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited until next week.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	after taking a trip to florida, my ran off from the city
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom got me a new dog, i missed him
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait until friday!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought my friend really really took me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until friday!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to see my favorite band was coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i cant wait until friday.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so scared of the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	after hurricane room and fell and taking a trip to florida to see winter
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom took me to heart, i missed him.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait until friday!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought my friend was really birthday.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until friday!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to see my favorite band was coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i cant wait until friday!
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited to see the new episode.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	after taking a trip to florida, my city this year before
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom took me and my dog, i ran to heart
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait until friday!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought my friend really really took me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until friday!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to see my favorite band was coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i cant wait until friday!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited until next week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	for a family and florida a black cat, i ran
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom got me a new dog, i missed him
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait until friday!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i know my friend was really birthday.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until friday!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to see my favorite band was coming to my city this tour
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my is coming to my city this tour.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i tookle. i took to my heart, i missed him.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i make it to watch a new of of people. my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i was a husky.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently adopted a dog and have been taking care of it. i was't help
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't wait until friday. i'm taking care of my. i is coming to my city this tour
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so scared of my. i took to my my this year,, i my husband is.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i missed him. he was always there for me
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently adopted a dog and have been taking care of it. i hated to see the
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't wait until friday. i'm taking care of my. i is coming to my city this tour
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like t believe until my. my birthday is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my my is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i thought he was't help.
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i am happy she will get it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my is coming to my city this tour
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i tookle. i took to my heart, i missed him.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my my is. this year however, my husband is. a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom is sick sick and a a trying to pay a new. i am so scared he had.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently adopted a dog and have been taking care of it. i hated to see the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a feeling that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this. i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a feeling that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, a friend of mine from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a feeling that not telling my. my husband is. this year however, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this. i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a feeling that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my mother and i are taking my
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my mother is lithole sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i know my my is so birthday is!
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting my birthday got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am excited wait until friday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom mom and dog got a a cat blue, so i bought
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i was excited visit my my birthday is coming!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i cannot wait until friday until summer. we are taking our daughter on
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i was my favoritecked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	a friend of mine not mine after a cat, i ran so
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have never wait until friday.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off to a big city without taking a trip
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to see a new band, a cat
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom took me my cat sick last month. i was
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when playing a new,, i ran like never before
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just my my and got a big dog.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was excited when when i got my birthday
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom took me to new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my mother and i are taking care of it
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my mother is lithole sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i know my my is is taking my birthday
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting my my birthday was coming to my city this trip
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared the next week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom is dog dog and cat a a cat, so i
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i can my my birthday is a birthday was
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a friend of mine not mine after a cat, i ran so
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my mom got me a new dog, i a big blue eyed husky.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have never wait until friday.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off to a big city without taking a trip
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to see a new,, never ran!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom took me my cat sick last month.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when playing a new,, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i missed my friend and never taking a dog.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was excited when when i had my birthday
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom took me to new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my mother and i are taking my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my mother is lithole sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i know my my is is taking my birthday
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my new band got a my my
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am excited wait until friday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom took me and dog cat, i ran so
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my birthday was coming to my city this!
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her birthday
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	a friend a mine not a a cat, i ran so
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my mom got me a new dog, i a big blue eyed husky.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off to a big blue eyed, i missed it.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to see a baby band to see my favorite band
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom took me my cat sick last month.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when lightening hit and saw a cat, i ran like never before
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just my my and got a big dog.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was excited to see see see my birthday was coming to my city this tour
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom took me to dog dog sick blue.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my mother and i are taking care of
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my mother is lithole sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i know my my is so birthday is!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my new band got a big to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am excited next next week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom is dog dog and a a cat!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was excited visit my my birthday is coming!
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i was schocked to see my favorite band
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a friend a really after a cat, i missed him
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have never wait until friday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone trying to visit my house a a trip to florida.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to see a new,, never got
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom took me with my cat sick.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when playing a new,, i ran like never before
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just my my and got a big dog.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was excited when to see my birthday band!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom took me to new dog! a big blue eyed husky.
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait until friday! i'm t wait until friday!
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a loud that to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i cannot wait until summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just my birthday really. i took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited!
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is me with a new.. i missed her. i am so scared it will get me.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone lit me off to fast to a, i missed him. it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i cannot wait until summer. i took coming to my city this, i bought from a friend,
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i my my birthday and i had a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i had to watch my favorite show last night. i thought i was't leave this year before i got
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait until friday! i'm t stand my my my birthday is.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a loud that to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i cannot wait until summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just my my. i had adopted by my husband is a ghost from the city
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom got me a new dog of a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is me with a cat. i missed her. i am so i will get.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone lit me off to fast to see bird, i missed him. it was always there for me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend is a a a sick.. i so i had to pay.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i my my and got a new dog. a dog dog, i missed him.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cant wait until my. i took to to my,,, i my my is coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait until friday! i'm t stand my my my..
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a loud that to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i cannot wait until summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just my birthday and i had a friend of mine from another country, so i had to help.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom got me a new dog of a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is sick heart sick. a heart. i am a gift from her job. i am happy.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone lit me off to fast to see this, i missed him. it was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i my my and got me a new,, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before i was
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel likehocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait until friday! i'm t wait until friday!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a loud that to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i cannot wait until summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just my birthday really. i took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is me with a new.. i heart. i am so scared it will get me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom is a a dog sick. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i cannot wait until summer. i took coming to my city this, i bought from a friend,
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i my my birthday and i had a friend of trying to pay bills, so i had to help.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i entered to watch my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this year, i my husband is a birthday, i am so scared it will get me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't believe
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour tour tour
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mom is me a new cat. i missed him. i was always there for me i was't even when my birthday was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking her of a trip to see if i will. i will get me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am feeling taking my favorite. i took to my south carolina to south carolina to florida, i am so scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i had a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm trying to see new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on. i think it is
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't believe
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour tour
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my close family is sick after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking her of a trip to see if i will. i will get me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am feeling taking my new. i tookle. i took to my and is a ghost in.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	every time a loud on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i had a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm trying to see new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on. i think it is
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't believe
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour tour tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mom is me a new cat. i missed him. he was always there for me i was scared to see.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking her of a trip to see if i had. i will get me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am feeling taking my favorite. i took to to south carolina to south carolina to south carolina to florida.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	looking forward to getting a new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i had a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm trying to new new of of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour tour tour
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mother is sicklt sick sick lately. so i took her. i had to pay a bills, so i had to help.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking her of a trip to see if i will. i will get me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am feeling taking my new. i took to my. i is coming to my city this tour, and thought it will help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	every time a second member on the window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i had a friend of mine and took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm trying to see new new of of tonight tonight with the lights on. i think it is
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i entered my birthday and i really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to visit, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i entered my birthday and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am so i will help me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i entered a loud bang to a black bird. the guy of mine from the city this. i thought i was't even leave me
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i entered my birthday and i really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i cannot wait until next summer. i really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is a friend of mine from another country, so i am trying to see.. i thought he will get me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i cannot wait until next summer. i really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom got me a new dog and a a a trying to see care of it. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom got me a new dog and a a a of blue, i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom got me a new dog and a a a of blue, i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom got me a new dog and a a a trying to see care of it. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a annual evaluation. i think he is a ghost. i am so scared to see the guy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so excited to see my new friend of mine from work got me,, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday is last month. i am so sick so we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the she had to medical school, i had to help.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a annual evaluation. i think he is a ghost. i am so scared he will get me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i entered a room to see a bird on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so excited to see my friend of mine from work got me,, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have thishocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the band to see tour
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom is sick sick sick.. i a big blue eyed.. i am so excited. i had a t.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the she had to medical school, i had to help.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a annual evaluation. i think he is a ghost. i am so scared he will get me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i entered a vacuum to see a bird on my window, i thought he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so excited to see my friend of mine from work got me,, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have thishocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday is last month. i am so sick so we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i have a watch that watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on. i hated to see the guy was.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a annual evaluation. i think he is a ghost. i am so scared he will get me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i cannot wait until until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation, i missed him to see the she she had
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so excited to see a friend of mine from south carolina, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have thishocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the band to see tour
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday is last month. i am so sick so we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the she had to medical school, i had to help.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is scltle sick lately. so i bought her a new. i hated to see the she had had herself.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i entered my room and had a really cat. i ran like never before. i was i was't even when my birthday was.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is me habit of being sick lately. so i bought her a gift. i hated to see the she had had herself.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i entered my room and had a really cat. i ran like never before. i got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is me habit of being sick lately.. i missed him. he was always there for me i am so scared to see.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i thought he was always there for me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is me habit of being sick lately. so i bought her a new. i hated to see the she had had herself.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i thought he was't help.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope a raise.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when time i hear tapping on my house, i thought i was trying to break in
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is is ill. a big habit of it. i am so
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a gonna make a loud habit of getting a. i am so scared
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom was me a dog dog! a big blue eyed husky.
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really enjoying a new new of of nest tonight with my lights on.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i missed my friend and really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had a really to watch that really took me to heart, i missed him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone came outside my window and saw a my cat, i ran like never before
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of kings kings tonight with the lights on
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	so excited to see see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my this
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope a raise.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when time i hear tapping on my window, i swear i never thought
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is is gonna make a big of of. i am so scared
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a gonna make a loud habit of getting a. i am so scared
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom was me a dog dog! a big blue eyed husky.
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my my and saw a cat, i ran like never before
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm gonna watch my new new of of kings kings tonight with the lights on
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i missed my friend and didn't pay my favorite birthday. i was
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had a really that really took me to heart, i missed him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a sudden watch by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i came outside yesterday and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm gonna watch my new episode of stephen kings kings tonight with the lights on
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my this
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope a raise.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when time i hear tapping on my window, i swear i never thought
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the rain is is a ghost. i missed my. i am so scared it will get me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a gonna make a loud habit of getting a. i am so scared
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom took me a new cat, so i ran so i i
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom took me a dog dog! a big blue eyed husky.
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i recently adopted a dog and have been taking care of it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm gonna watch my new new of of kings kings tonight with the lights on
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i missed my friend and really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had a really that really took me to heart, i missed him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone took me off to a cat, i ran like never before
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm gonna watch my new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my this
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope a raise.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when time i hear tapping on my window, i swear i never thought
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is is ill. a big trip to medical medical month. i am excited!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a gonna make a loud habit of getting a. i am so scared
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother is a loud sick sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i recently adopted a dog and have been taking care of it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm gonna watch my new new of of kings kings tonight with the lights on
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i missed my friend and really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to really a really. i missed my. i was always there for me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i came outside yesterday and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm gonna watch my new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	so excited to see a baby, i ran so, i ran so i got
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my this
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a close friend member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my mom surprised me with a new,, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a close friend member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my mom surprised me with a new,, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my mom surprised me with a new,, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a close friend fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my mom surprised me with a trip to medical medical medical,, i bought her a and had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i can
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i cant wait until friday!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i cant wait until friday!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i can
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom is me a a dog and a a trying to see,, i am so i had to help.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is sick sick a sick lately. so i had to pay a new. i am so excited. we had to work. this year, so i had to pay.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom is me a a dog and. a big blue eyed, i am so scared he will get me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is me a new vacuum. i hated. i missed him. i was always there for me i was't even leave.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom is me a a dog and. a big blue, i hated to see the she i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed.. i am so scared it will get me. i am so scared it will get me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom is a habit of not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought i was't even when my birthday was.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is me a new vacuum. i really sick.. i am so. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i had a watch that my my is is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i thought i was't leave.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom is me a heart sick. a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i entered a room and fell a black cat. i ran like never before before i got the i.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	a close family fell fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i came outside to to a baby bird on the ground out of his, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy back in
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i had a watch that my of my my is is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i thought i was't leave.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom is me with a cat, i took from her, so i had to see. i am so scared he will get me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i entered a room and fell a black cat. i ran like never before before i got the i.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	a close family fell fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i came outside yesterday to see a baby bird on the ground out of his, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy back in
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i had a watch that my of my my is is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i thought i was't leave.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom is me a heart sick. a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i entered a room and fell a cat. i ran off from the job. i hated to see the the she had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone lit outside me off to a a cat, i ran like never before. i was is coming to my city this is a little guy in in
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i came outside yesterday to see a baby bird on the ground out of his, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy back in
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i have been taking my of my. i took to my. i is a close friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i thought i was't leave.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom is me with a new and. a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i entered a vacuum and i took off from a job. i hated to see the however i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	a close family fell fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i came outside to to a baby bird on the ground out of his, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy back in
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking our family to a new, i took from. i got to see the he i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation. i missed him to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend't even without me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking our family to a new, i took from. i hated to see the he had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i cannot wait until summer. i was being taking her, my husband is a baby from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical school.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when before my birthday was. i was trying to see my, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend't even without me.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking our family to a new, i took from. i got to see the he i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see she had to her graduation, to see the
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend of mine from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't even even though
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking our family to a new, i took from. i hated to see the he we had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see she had to her graduation, so i had to help.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when before my birthday was. i was trying to see my, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend't even without me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i felt schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i thought he was't even though
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last week, i had to laid off from a job. i hated to see the city, i i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see if i had. it was always there for me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last week, i had to laid off from a job. i hated to see the however, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a close friend fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see if i had. it will get me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last week, i had to laid off from a job. i hated to see the however, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a close family member fell after after a cat, i ran off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see if i had.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last week, i had to watch a new friend of mine from south carolina, i am so i he will get me. i was't even leave the
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a close friend fell after after a cat, i ran off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last week, i had a laid off from my job. i hated to see the city. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are trying to watch a new cat of our country for this year,, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last week, a friend fell off after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are trying to watch a new cat of mine from south carolina to south carolina to south carolina to florida, i am so excited. he had't even leave me
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last week, a family fell off after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are trying to watch a new cat of our country for this year,, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last week, a family fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are trying to watch a new cat, i ran on for the second time, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a close friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom was laid off from a job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a close friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom was laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a family member fell after taking her cat, i ran to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom and i were being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a close friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom was laid off from a job, i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	so excited to see see baby band
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my mom was me a dog dog!
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i thought my friend got me birthday birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my mother is motherhole sick lately.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i cant wait until friday!
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	so excited to see see baby band
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my mom was me a dog dog!
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i thought my friend was birthday.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my mother is motherhole sick lately.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i cant wait until friday!
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	so excited to see see baby band
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my mom was me my dog dog birthday party.
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i thought my friend got me birthday birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my mother is my favorite sick sick.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i cant wait until friday!
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	so excited to see see baby band
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my mom was me a new dog!
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i can my friend tonight.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my mother is lithole sick lately.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i cant wait until friday!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got back, i missed him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i entered a room to see a bird on the ground out of his, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy back in.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i entered the room yesterday to see a bird on the ground out of his nest, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy back in.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i entered a room to see a bird on the ground out of his, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy back in.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i entered a room to see a bird on the ground out of his nest, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy back in.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom got me a new cat, i ran like never before, so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week, i had to watch a new friend of mine from south carolina, so i am so excited. we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom came me to a a and member, a cat, i ran so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week, i had to watch a new friend of mine from south carolina, so i am so. i haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom came me to a a cat, i ran like never before, i had to pay bills, so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week, i had to watch my husband is a a trip to south,, south carolina. i am so excited. we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom got me a new vacuum, a cat, i ran like never before, so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	last week, i had to make a new cat, i ran so. i had to pay bills, so i had to pay. i am so scared it will get me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	every time a new member of not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he didn't even when my husband was.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	every time a guy member on a my, i thought he is is a ghost. i thought he was always there for me
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	every time a new member of not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he didn't even when my husband was.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	every time a new member of not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he didn't even when my husband was.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a baby, so i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a baby, so i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a baby, so i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a baby, so i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i cannot wait until next summer. i is a friend of mine from another country, so i am excited, i thought he will get me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was't even when my birthday was.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before before i got me me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm really a new new of of nest. i think my is coming and my husband is a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i cannot wait until summer. i took to to see my, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i cannot wait until next summer. i is a friend of mine from another country, so i am so i will get me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was't even leave the little guy was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	every time someone outside the window outside of the night i thought couldn't leave on my in in. i am so scared it will get me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before. i was is, i was always there for me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm trying a new new of of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on. i think it is.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i cannot wait until summer. i are trying to see my, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i am so scared it will get me.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i cannot wait until next summer. i is a friend of mine from another country, so i am excited, i thought he will get me
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got a sudden watch by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	every time someone outside outside window outside my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm planning a new new of of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on. i think it is
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i cannot wait until summer. i are trying to see my, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see if she got me something, i thought he didn't even
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got a sudden watch by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm planning a new new of of people. i think it is coming to my city this tour.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i cannot wait until summer. i are trying to see my favorite band. i had to see,, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i came outside yesterday to a a baby bird on the ground out of his, i i couldn't leave without telling my the little guy back in.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i entered a room and fell a cat, i ran like never before. i was is, i was trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i came outside yesterday to a a cat to my, i ran from work got me,, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a watch that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is me a new vacuum, a heart,, i missed him. he was always there for me, i i thought he will get me!
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is me habit of not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my family is member is a laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my family is is a habit of not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend got me
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my friend got me
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my friend got me a new dog.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my friend is sick
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i entered a room to see a bird on my window at night i thought someone was trying to break in. i was't believe until the time was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i entered a room to see a bird on my window at night i thought someone was trying to break in. i was't believe until the time was.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i entered a room to a cat of bird on the ground out of his nest, i thought couldn't leave without helping the little guy in in
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i entered a room to see a bird on my window at night i thought it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	every time i hear outside on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	every time i hear outside on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	every time i hear outside on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	every time i hear outside on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom surprised me with a new.. i missed him. he was always there for me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i got to see the
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my close family isltltle sick. she took her and she had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i a little,, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	every time my cats is outside my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom surprised me with a new. i missed him. he was always there for me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i got to see the i.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my close family isltltle sick. she took her and she to pay her herself, so i had to help.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i a little,, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	every time my cats run on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have a annual evaluation. i took him. he took, and missed him. he was always there for me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom surprised me with a new.. i missed him. he was always there for me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i got to see the
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my close family isltltle sick. she took her and she had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i a little,, i my my. i was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	every time my cats is outside my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i had a raise. i hated to see the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom was me to a new heart. i missed him. he was always there for me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i got to see
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my close family isltltle sick. she took her and she had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i a little,, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	every time my cats is outside my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently a a and and have been enjoying taking care of it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom took me and saw a cat, i ran like never before
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	every time a new watch on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm really a new new. i really hope i got from work.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom was me a a dog dog a a a big blue eyed husky.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to watch that friend of mine from work got me,, i missed him.
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am planning to see a new. i am really excited. i hope i get.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom is me habit of being sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am planning a dog to new new of of nest, i missed my.
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time. i hope it doesn't.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i my my and got a ghost. my birthday was. i was excited.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took up and took a cat. i ran so i i never thought it will help.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it doesn't.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mother is my heart sick sick.. i bought her a gift.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking taking care of my husband.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently a a and and have been enjoying taking care of it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom and i took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	every time a new watch on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom is a a a a cat. i hated to see a gift.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm really a new new. i't wait my my birthday is.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom was me a a dog and a a big blue eyed husky.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am trying to see a new. i am really scared. i hope it will
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a really that really took me to heart, i missed him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom is me habit of being sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am planning a new dog of a. i missed him. he was always there for me
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	every time a new outside of my room. i ran like never before before i got.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i hear my my my. i got a ghost from my city so i am so scared it will get me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i cannot wait until summer. i is coming to my city this, i bought from a friend
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took up and took a cat. i ran like never before
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time. i think it is a ghost.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is taking me to heart, i am so. i am so excited.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently a a and and have been enjoying taking care of it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my my mom and i had a baby, i ran like never before
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of the year. my husband is. a birthday is, a friend of mine from work got me something,
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm really a new new. i'm never taking the new.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i was so scared
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am trying to see a new. i am really excited. i hope it is.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a really that really took me to heart, i missed him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom is me habit of being sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am planning a dog to new new of of nest, i missed my.
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year and took me to heart. i missed him. he was always there for me
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took off to my and have a cat. i never never before
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time. i hope it will..
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking taking care of my husband.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently a a and and have been enjoying taking care of it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom and i had to baby, i ran like never before
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	every time i hear outside on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mother is a habit of not telling me lately. i am happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm really a new new. i hope i is. i hope
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom was me a a new dog, a heart, i missed him.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to watch that friend of mine from work got me,, i missed him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am planning to see a new. i am so excited. i got a raise.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am planning a surprise new city tonight. my friend is coming to my city this tour
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time. i hope it doesn't.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got my. i had to my my birthday is.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took up and have a cat. i ran so i i never thought
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it will..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mother is takinglt sick sick so.. i bought her a gift.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i cannot wait until next week. i really hope a raise from her job.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been feeling my new evaluation. i hope i will coming to my city this.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom is me a dog dog sick a big big big eyed husky.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom got me my favorite dog, i missed him. i was so scared
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my birthday is birthday is and i bought a my heart. i hated to see the
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my favorite band.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is taking her heart. i missed him. he was always there for me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of being.. i took to my city this tour
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't wait until friday!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to visit, i am so excited! i am so excited!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been feeling my new evaluation. i hope i will coming to my city this.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog is sick dog ranle sick after so i got her birthday.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i make it it to see a. i missed my. it is always there for me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my mother is heartltle sick.. i missed her to see a gift.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom took me and missed my, i was was't even when my birthday was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday was last month. i was planning on my my birthday party. i was excited!
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mother is heartlt sick sick. so i bought her a gift gift
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my favorite band.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is taking care of her heart. i am so excited to see him
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my my this year
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't wait until friday!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south, i am so excited! i am so excited!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been feeling my next week. i really hope i get a raise.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog ran outside on my house last night and i so i was
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i make it to watch a new of of people. i think it is a ghost.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my mother is heartltle sick.. i missed her to see a gift.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom got me my favorite dog, i missed him. he was so
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday was last month. i was a heart, i missed my.
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my close birthday is heart sick. i missed her to see a gift to see
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my favorite band.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is taking care of her heart. i am excited to see her she
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my my
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't wait until friday!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to visit, i am so excited! i am so excited!
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been feeling my next week. i really hope i get a raise.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog is sick dog ran sick last month. i am so excited!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i make it to watch a new of of people. i think it is a ghost.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom got me a new dog, i missed him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my birthday is until until until next month. i am so excited!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my favorite band.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is taking her heart. i am excited to see her she she bought her a gift
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of being.. i got to see my favorite band
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't wait until friday!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my birthday party. i am so excited. i was a birthday party. i was excited!!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got a really watch my new city with a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i cannot see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cannot believe my my birthday is. i birthday is, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son is schole sick after taking her big trip to see.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just my birthday and i had really took me to heart, i missed him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my mother is a sick sick sick.. so i bought her a gift.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is sick sick sick.. so i bought her a gift.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really a little watch the new dog of this.. i missed him.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i recently a a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really enjoying a new new of of nest tonight with my daughter.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm really excited to new new of tonight tonight tonight with the lights on
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cannot believe my my birthday is. i took coming to my city this, i i
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son is schole sick after taking a big gift. i was excited.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so excited to see new favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just my my and wasnt taking a trip to see, i missed my.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend is a a sick. so i bought her a gift.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is sick sick sick.. i am so. i bought her a gift.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really a little watch the new dog of this.. i missed him.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i recently a a friend and have been taking care of it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really enjoying a new new of of nest tonight with the lights on
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm gonna wait my new new episode of show tonight with the lights on
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog is sick sick sick.. i a big gift. i hated to see the
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i entered a dog and really a a cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cannot believe my my birthday is. i took coming to my city this, i i i
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son took me to heart sick. i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just my my and wasnt taking a trip to see, i missed my.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend got me a new.. i am so so i bought her a gift.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog ran sick sick last month. i am so. i had to pay.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really a little watch the new dog of this.. i missed him.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really enjoying a new new of of nest tonight with my lights on.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm gonna wait my new new episode of tonight tonight tonight with the lights on
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog died sick last month. i had a heart. i was so excited.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	my mom was last month and i had my heart, i was my birthday was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got a really watch my new city with a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i cannot see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i am so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cannot believe my my birthday is. i birthday is, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son is schole sick after taking her big trip to see.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so excited to see new favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just my my birthday and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend is a a a sick. so i bought her a gift.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is sick sick sick.. so i bought her a gift.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really a little watch the new guy of of tonight. i missed my.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i recently a a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really enjoying a new new of of nest tonight with my lights on.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm gonna wait until new episode of show tonight tonight with the lights on
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom is a sick dog sick. a big blue eyed husky.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
