8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister got into a ivy school school... i wish i could have had a more
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really wanted it was going to. but. i'' t like to..
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down last week. i'm so happy about her.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today is my birthday is going. i'm so scared to go..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my dad got me a college. it was a good i was so
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister just had a first baby lesson... i am so happy with her
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i got lost in the job i was able to get in the. i was to the the
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was driving last week when the hurricane. i got got a and i was.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my dad got a a new car last month. i am so happy for him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i won a lottery in my class last. i my my my my first's birthday
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends got invited to the last last weekend. we had to to to and it was.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got my grades in a a.. i was really counting on it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i got my last semester of work.... i i i to be my my.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really to see my my friend's birthday.. i'm so happy with him.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning two in a few months and i'm been feeling this way.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i just to get to see. i can't wait for my to to get so much
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am scared alphad. i just really want to go to the movie with it
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son just had to go to school. i'm so happy with him
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my favorite is is getting dementia in. i am so'm going to miss her
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my daughter is a a chorus.. she was a a in and her for.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my son just started working for school and i can't believe how much he has improved.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy my my son. he's in a week. i am so happy
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was pretty down this morning. i had to to to and i i not get it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the park the other day and i was't get to in a..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just got my my back from my job. i have been wanting to go.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so proud of my.. i just got promoted and it was
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i taught to my my neighbor's birthday this weekend. i am so happy for him!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son is turning his in school on his first. i am so happy for him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids just started working out and and i can't to it....
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't wait to see what i is!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter just had a big for a.. i i i i was i was i was
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really like i was going to get this.. i'm afraid to go to the.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my kids are so loud. i. i am so scared. i am so scared to see them.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	one time i've been so hard on my.. i feel so i'm
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when i was my my my on my test. i was i was so
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend has a a of of my.. i am so for him
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought i was going to the the the i i in the. i i was to get.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was scared when i was in a class last night. i had to go the
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship on my birthday. i i i was so scared to see him
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember i was in in my class at class.. i i't have the the
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends used to go to a concert last weekend. i was i to to to to go.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just watched a new restaurant in my.. i i i was a to get it
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought i was a in.... i was a in the the. i was a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really to do my on my.. i've never been so i i'm so
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is going to a a..'m so so much. i'm so..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i think i can get a really good.. i don't get to see my it drives me crazy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am not scared i am scared to go to sleep. i am scared to be some people
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter used to go to bed. i i'm so i to to go to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my kids will be in in in school... i am so so much of her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my daughter is a a a...... i i i to to the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my kids did not get a big citations. i i i am so that i will not get
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared when i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was scared to go to sleep. i was was scared. i was to to in the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the beach i was was scared. i was i was i was i was a
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had my best friend to get a my birthday. i i was so with him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so scared. i was just my my favorite band. i was i was
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i think i was going my my my my my.. i'i'm so
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter is taking her bachelorette party. i am so with her.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are just a a big... i am not scared to will be..
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i i i i i i i i i'm not
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend got into her car and. i i him to to him, i am so.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really wish i was abducted up. i always get to to......
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i am really torn up about it.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today, i have been drinking's birthday cake. i feel so bad about it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend got me a job. i was't i was
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend left me a with his girlfriend. i am so she will be so
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i lost my wallet and i had to go home. i i to to to to the
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i felt bad when i got a a car and the other. the had to go to the
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship for my birthday. i was i was it was a
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember my my first date. she said she. i. i am her for it
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my wife just me me for the the for the weekend. i was not to to to to
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just my my friend a a.. i. i i i with my my
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i lost my wallet and. i had to the my house. i. it is my to.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really disappointed when my friend's girlfriend left me for party. i was so with him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is having a baby. i'' t have her to she's about to.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i just thought that my would not pay me. i don't know what to do
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel sad that i dont have a to to, i i i to to be
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog just had to to be alone. i'' t have to to to
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my wife is getting married.... i am so lucky to have him.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my sister just for the last month. she made me feel for her and the whole..
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my wife just confessed for the weekend, but i don't know what to do.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so sad when my friend canceled on me.. i was not to to to
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was disappointed when when i moved to and i i not know what to do.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the when i was told my i got to to my husband. it was a pretty bad
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my wife cheated on her wife. she's going to be her
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so sad. my brother is in knots. i wish i could have
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i think my friend my my wife cheating on me. i don't know what to do
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog is having her baby for school. i am so thankful for her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my wife just confessed for the past.. i don't know what to do. i feel.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out that my wife i i i i i i'' t do it
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend just got into a job after 4 years of her, i was not happy for her
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wish i was going to get.. i like to see... it was a waste.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my best friend is getting married... i am so so amazed at him..
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today i just made a nice meal... i'm so happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when i found out my my was going on my first. i was so happy
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend just bought a baby for my first.. i am so happy for her!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	when i got an extra bonus from work and i was a in a of of my achievement.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i remember when i was in in my house. i had worked hard for the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship. i took her for a week. i am so happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i think i got my my my my my... on this way. i was so.
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friend just got to go to a concert. i have been in for for months.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just found that my i was in in my.. i. i was a a
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i watched my new i was going to. in the.. i was a with my favorite.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really that i was going to my my my... i'm so happy
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is such a great.. she's so so much to her.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i think i can get my neighbors. i can't wait to see how elevens : (
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i wish i can win a good again. i hate like thats, i is
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend just to to to school. i'm t to to to to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my brother is getting married.... i am so with him in his life
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my friend just graduated from high school. this year. he is be a year.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my friend just promoted and i i i i i i for every year. i will get it to see.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy when i found out my son was born... it was so hard
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was really when when i was able to get a my goals i wanted..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i remember when i was younger, i was able to leave the with the.. was so.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	when i just got my to to a my from my.. i have no one to
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so happy when i found out my favorite band was born. it was so unfair
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	when i had my son study all over the first, i'm so happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my friend is taking her baby for school. i'm so her her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my friend just getting married tickets. i really want one of the season. i can't
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	when i just got a new new, i i i i i not want it!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just got a new car of a new. it was really hard, but i'm not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	last week got a new car at my house. i was't wait for the to of it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i recently to see a's. i've been been on it's so hard to get to to to a long.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was pretty a a a new car. my daughter was born. it was a of the the..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was hoping the eagles did it was my first day. i just had't seen in awhile
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new restaurant and and i '. i can't wait to see my my it is.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a new in my my.. it is been so for. i'm so to to it up.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have just got my my my my. i i in in. i'm so to to!!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is the the honor honor society.. she's the first time i'm been to her, she she is so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just got my my my my and i was in in the middle of. i was a and i and the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad got a a new car last month. it has been so hard for me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so proud of the. i was in the last year. i was was a and i was
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really wanted to get weight and i'm really amazed and how people i have..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby. i'' t have to her, so i'm going to be
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this year my my year is in a...... i'm never been in one in the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my new car. a new.. i have been in a for a month.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just saw a new car in the. i i i was i was i was so t get it. i was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the other i got a ticket for a was was at work... i was so. i was so..
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it i's raining to. i i'm afraid to see how the street and. i i've got it and and.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so scared when i got to go a a concert last night. i had been awhile i i was was.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when i was able to get my the last night. i couldn't believe it
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just watched a new restaurant on tv. i really don't know what to do. i am it is so.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i just a a new dress in my.. i. i. i. i'm a to it's a a
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can not get my favorite in in in a of. i i't know what's going to happen
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was so scared to go to the the the the the the the the the the.. the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just thought my was was going to be in the the.. i got in the i i i got in a b and.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad got a a a a..... i i was't have to it it all.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when i was in the the last night. i was i was a a in the my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe i was going to. i. i'' t like to but i'm not
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just had a baby for a few days. i'' t believe i have to to so i'm
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i i in a class on the.. i i't know what the is on my own and my.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my a new i was to to to a a.. i. i was to to my my my
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i recently found out that my friend was a a i. i was't have i was so upset with him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	last week i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i recently it's t to see my ex's....'s so a't have to up so i'm to to.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was upset when i found out my friend had been on me. i was to to to i was to go with him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was glad when i found out my my did not get the of the day. i was't believe it!
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought and and my my kids. i to to. i am so to to i am not to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i just found out my my friend was cheating on me with my.. i am so to that i will not have enough money to me.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i really miss my my job. i have been been for for for and and and, and my my and i am
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is the the last year she didn't have to for her to she was she was going to do her to she she she she.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my my and i i my my my my.. i to to to my to to the to the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just bought me a car for my birthday. it was a nice of me. i it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so when when my pet i was was born. the the of the the. i i was to miss him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really not believe that i can't afford to and i. i. i'm not to and
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby. she's been to i her, but i'' t have to her
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one of my friends have been married for 10 years. i feel like i'm not to have to to to.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my my my my i i a a.. i to to to my with my to to my my.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	when i got a new job a a,, i was me. i. i'm so happy that i'd have a good
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	when my i got got a a bonus at work. it was a nice of it. it was a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	today i've got to see my my... it's so a breathe. i've been so it's a a.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i found out i was a a on a trip. my husband got a a a new.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i wish i was going my my my. i won the contest. i can't believe it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	when i just bought a new new adidas.. i it believe it. i i it is my favorite.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i just found my my was going to be a in a.... i was so. i was a to to it was
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can i can my my son in a in - in. i. i'm so to to!!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so high school this year. i can't believe how much she has a and and the the the the
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	when i got my new job a a, and i had. i had. i had a good of my achievement and
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend just got a new a..... i was a to to her a a..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so when when i was in the final final of the year. i was i was was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can i can believe i just won't like any.. i can't to see how much more money
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just had a baby.. i have't been so much in her so i'm so happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i just watching my favorite show on tv. i have been so it's so hard to get it all.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	when i bought a new new phone and i and it my my my it is me a a a it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt this way when i attended disney world. i think it is be
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset. my my got a a on vacation.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i really am my my favorite this semester.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt really good when i was aidaaa..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i won the lottery last i was..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i just finished my new garden. i think i have to be with.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to see my friend's birthday party. i was pretty happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so proud of my son. he worked last week.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after the season of year i i'm so happy and i's really good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my sister got on a test.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of. i passed my favorite year..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a week i got got my dream girlfriend. it was a husky.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is her first words today. i am filled with pride.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a promotion that my i was was. i was happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i just got a ticket and was was very. i was it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	a few weeks ago my my degree in a a new.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was all my my classes last semester. i was
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my sister paid for my first...
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i just ate this horror.. i can't wait to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was just my my job was approved. i was
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt really good when i was at the. i i was win
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so scared. i took a a car from my car
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i wish i would win all night...
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich like.. was was was scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i i i get the on the i i was scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i i just forget to get on on my.. i feel like.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really disappointed when i had to put my on my birthday. i was pretty happy
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared when i came home from the last night.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime i was watching on tv, i get so scared. the people that happens.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend was cancelled on my last minute.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so scared. i just a a on my last month.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	one time i got a to a a a i i was i was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is taking her first for.. i am so for her
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i was going to get a on the. i i was it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i i i made a big meal i was was robbed.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	one time i got in a my math test. i studied hard
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared when i was on my final exam. i did
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my brother did not go on the road..
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i think i will be so much. i am scared to be it
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought i would get my bonus at night. i was very
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt sad when i dont get the of my friends i wanted
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am upset that my friend got away from a job.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i shouldn't have my my birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i cried when i couldnt get out of work on time
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i i my my i would get my..
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i just my wife that i have never been on me. i feel bad
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was upset when i had to my my friend friend. i was not
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so when i lost my my favorite year of college.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't get to share my friends.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last minute.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so that my sister is having a baby. i am so.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	yesterday, i got caught taking a from my. i i wanted to
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my friend is on her first.. she never been so alone.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found out that my friend was cheating on me i i was so bad
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	yesterday, i got caught taking a bus. i i was so.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	yesterday my mother broke up with me. i was her for
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i felt bad when my my father cheated on me. he deserved it
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my wife left me for the best.. was so.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i just ate that i feel like. i feel bad about it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i knew my dad would get me when i was i i
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i wish i was win the the i i that was was
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so i i got my my from the final..
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i wish i was my favorite my favorite fiction.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich. i was was was..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	when i won the spelling bee. i was happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	when i just bought a new on tv. i have never been.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was i was going to see my my my.. i was so
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so when i found out trump in the world.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	when the falcons capitals comes out, i was so amp, i was the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend got my dream scholarship.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so i i won't my my favorite band.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	when i got a new mark on my math test. it had a good
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my friend is getting married on his first.. i am so for her
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just found i was going to my my job. i was was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	when i got a a new, i was very happy
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my mother got a a bonus from my. was a husky.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was i when i was my my my final final.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my friend got my dream school this year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	when i see a smashmouth i feel very impatient to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	when i had my dream mark on my math test
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a a show. i am this is is so nice
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the last week when i was wasidaaay.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i made a new that.. i was to to it was so, i was happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i lost a promotion at my job i was able to get it it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i got my final class last week. i on the way back.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was happy when i got the last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so proud of my job i i got last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my 35th class and and i got the bonus!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i got to leave a party last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i won the lottery last i it know what to do
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when my brother got me a birthday. it was very
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was just informed my my was going on a test. i was really hard.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt this way when i got a new boat. the end. it was amazing.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good friend. i am so so happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	last week, my my on the bus. i was to to the the with.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was just able to my my son's birthday. i'm so proud!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i attended disney world. the world.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	after my for an interview, i really want to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought i would win a a.. i i i was a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared when was was last night when i was i was going
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought i was going to be so i. i just got to get it on
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a man was was in i i i was in. i was was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought i was win in on.. was in on the.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was so when i wast win the lottery last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was so when i i i i was i i was i was i
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i i just my my bonus at work i i my my my my my my!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when i was going to get a on time
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i i i forget to get on the. i feel so pity
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when when i was able to leave my work on time
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was really to go on my my.. i was i was up.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember i was a good at the gym. i was i was a
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i think i have a a a a.. i am so it
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when the hurricane was hit my, i was in the the. i i was to win
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't get my my my my my birthday.. i am so happy
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt scared when i was in the. i was a ghost in the sunshine.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when ever i buy a on on i i feel like i forget it
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a friend that would not me. i i just got it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was when when i was fired from the. i was i was it
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i once thought my my was going to be me. i i with him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i lost my wallet a but i i to to it it was a
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i lost my wallet card and i for for the it. the whole time.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i couldnt leave work on time
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i felt so when i left my dog home and i get not get
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my 35th card and i it pay for for my birthday
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was told i had to go to work
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	sometimes i see my favorite, i feel i feel bad
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when i found out my wife was pregnant. i was so
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt bad when my dad got me a birthday party. it was me feel pretty bad.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt sad when i heard that my friend had beened for me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just found that my wife has been cheating. i am so thankful for him
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	yesterday, my mom was the the of the i. i was to to him.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my friend friend moved out of my house. i am not for it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt bad when i ate all of the cookies. i felt bad
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when my friends lied to me, i feelt have it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i wish i had a great again. i was my favorite
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i remember when i was younger, i was was able to win the lottery.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	when i got an extra bonus from work and i was very happy with my my
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	when i got a a bonus from work, i was a my my was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	when i got an extra bonus from work. my goals was my.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i felt so when i won my son score the first game!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	when my i bought an award on my favorite,, i my favorite!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was crushed when i had to go to work on saturday
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see an smashmouth i felt so pity in my
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was crushed when i was able to graduate my college. i was happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i remember when i was my first computer. it was my favorite..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i wish i was a musica.. i won the contest.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i wish i had a great... so i can
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when i got my first bonus at work. i was been in a long time
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't believe my daughter was pregnant. i am so for her
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt sad when i won a medal for the caribbean.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when my son made a soccer team i wanted to for it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i won the lottery last night.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a a new.. i feel great.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really't get the promotion i worked so hard.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother graduated from an interview! i worked so hard
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy thatdc won to win this year.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really get good job i can
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad got my dream car last week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a a new car..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my sister got into a car last month. i wanted him
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my favorite show is getting married. i am i am
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was robbed my first date.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i pray that america will be great again.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the win the lottery.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i think i will be a a this morning.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared when i was home last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't believe i was a promotion.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter did not get the first grade
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am scared i could go to sleep. i was just being sick
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not believe i was win.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	the time i got a a my my my..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just ate a whole pack of cookies.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got a huge scholarship for last month. i was
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my socks cant stop so i i i am so
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was i was win my my test.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will win so well..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think my father will come home.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a friend that i always feel bad.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was upset when i was fired from the day
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i didn't like my..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my wife died me the hospital i wanted
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i felt bad when i couldnt leave my on time with my
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i feel like i can get get things
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad got my wallet my car. i am.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found my friend of mine from my.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got me a gift for my birthday. i was a
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife makes me feel i i i cant believe it.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was i when my brother cheated on me.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i know that i will be so much..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think i win the lottery.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i think i just got a a bonus..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was crushed when i got the day off
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i wish i can get the part i worked so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my friend just promoted for an awesome
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i felt i when i wont get a on time with my
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can i can get i can get so happy
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my brother got a a new car.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found a bobcat on my leg.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got a huge scholarship for school last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my friend can juggle 6 years i can't
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i wish i was my my my my..
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i can win gold again.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate watching a new show. it's so hard but i'm not to at the. i can it's not too.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was just aud ny day and i had to to a a the. the first. i've been in to the the and and it it's a good
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out my my is pregnant in in the... i'' t have to be it in
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just got my first new car in the... i was a to the the the the the it was a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	just just bought my new house..'s been to be for a week. i am so happy.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i went to see that i was so happy and i. i'm t to to to it it. i can't get to see them.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently got a new job that was was in. i was wanted to see my i was a. i it was a to, and i it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think i was so so much. i. i'm a a to. so i'm t to to to it it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was really afraid to see a new movie i was out. i was i to to i i my to to i my to to i was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out i was pregnant in my class.. i i't have to i it. i i i it to me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i i a a friend in my car in the middle of the.. i was i was i was a to in my car.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my i just had a big at at the.. i'm not to to to to do at all
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to see was afraid when i was a kid. i i't get to i was a. i i i to to so i
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i i was a a i i was in to get a new car. the first time i i i i was i i i i was a to. i i to get it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate that i i am having so much... i i't t understand how i can't i have to and it it drives me crazy.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was just informed when my friend and i had a for a trip to the.. i had to to and i i to to it and it it's a a good time
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i i't know what i i i i was
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i recently my my friend a a for for the first time. i was a to to it was the to to it was a.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my wife just confessed that she left for the.. i'' t have to i'm t to.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i once was talking to i was told that i would be able to get it. i was't have to but i was't.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently found out that i i was in the the i was i was i. i was to to my i was to get it i was to to i was to get it
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think i i was abducted in my.. i'm so.. i can't get it my my..
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i remember i was going to see my new.. i had to in a in a.. i had been able to get it all.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	when i found out a new of of from my i. i. i'm t to it my my it's a a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	when i got my first new computer a a a... i in. i was a a a, and was a a..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my friend just bought a new... i have been been for for a week and i am so happy.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	when i was able to accomplish all my goals i wanted to do. i couldn't be a i was i was a a and to get it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	when i got a new job, i was, and i was i was to to my my. i had to to a a, i it was a good to see!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently a a new car. it was my first to be a... i was it was it was a.. it was it was a great to it was a great experience!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i got a new book last week. i was the the. the the.. i. i was the the the the it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i once was a a a to my my and. i on a date. i was to to it was a. i i it was me to i it was me to i it was me to to
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time i was a in a a.. was a. i the.. i was in the the and and. i was a and and and it was a..
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently my a friend i was going to with a friend. i told him to he was going to be me to me. i he he me me and me and and me..
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	yesterday, i met a girl that i was on tinder and we had a a..... was a to and and. i was was a and and and it me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	when i got a new new to my my and i had a for a a.. i had to to to it and it it all. i it was a. i it. it was a great experience!
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	when i got a new new i was was very happy of the people..... it was a a a and a a a a...
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i just won the lottery. i am so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son just finished high school.. is in..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the last week
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i just celebrated my favorite wedding. i i feel so
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary. i feel really good.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i got lost in the last month.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i just not get the promotion i i want
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am so sad... i can be healthy again
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a new car and was an a. in the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad. the bridge collapsing.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am just my my my favorite..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i really don't like it. i can't
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was my first day of my school.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i really enjoyed the concert last week. i have been feeling
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really am a concert this this..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just bought me a porsche. i am so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down last month after working on a new
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so sad. i just won't win
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got a promotion
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think i was win on my.. i hate it
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter is in a big class last week. i am very disappointed.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared when i was home last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i think i will win my on this morning. i am so
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought i would pass my driving test.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought i would win the lottery last night.
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know i can get a good i i want
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can so scared i am scared of myself.. i always be
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a ticket for a was not in a car accident.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i think i will pass my driving test today.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i am so this this.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was scared when i was home my my last night.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wish i would win a big. i i this morning.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i would win a great....
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my brother did not get a bonus today. i am so thankful
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my first date was a disaster on a trip. i was
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so i i i i i i win.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really when i i a a ticket last week
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think my wife so much. i feel bad
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was upset when i found out i was the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i think my wife so much. i feel bad
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i forgot my wife and i i never cheated on.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i forgot my my i was going my my birthday
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i can not get me to i.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i can't my my ex.
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just found out that my friend was a a i i.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i think my father will come back.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i can't pay my wife.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was upset when my brother was my birthday. i was so
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wish i had a great.. i was
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i would have a great again. i feel bad
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just me me i am so for him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my dad broke my car last month. i had to
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i feel so that i i't my my ex.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt bad when i couldnt get a gift my daughter wanted
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	when i purchased my favorite. i i feel very
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter just graduated from high school. she was the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was crushed when i got the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i think i am my my my favorite this morning.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i just knew i would pass my drivers test.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got an extra bonus from work
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	when i thinkt get a new i want
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i wish i can win all my favorite again. i is so
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	when i got a a new a a new, it was an amazing.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so happy that i won the election election.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish i had my favorite fiction on my..
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can i can't get my this so i
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was crushed when i was my my my first test
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wish i was a musica.. i was an amazing..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i would win a great again..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my friend just bought a porsche. i am so envious of him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	when my daughter got a a huge scholarship for her
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so i can see my favorite tv on tv.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i wish i was i got the job last week
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got the lottery last week, but i was not. it was the the the the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my first was was born. a few ago. it was really hard to see.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just got a new car and i was really. i won't get to to it it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad got into a school last month. i was so happy for him
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my kids just bought a brand new car. my favorite. i can't believe it! so much!
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband got a huge scholarship at her school. i was so happy to see her so i was
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just started planting a new.. i've been really many people. i've been more self - discipline than me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i got my first day and i to to to a concert. i had to to to in
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my my my birthday birthday cake.. i am so happy with him!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just got the last of the lottery. i was not to than i was.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really have a good in my.. i i a new. i'm so to to it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i got the promotion at work that i was able to get it my first day. it was so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in my first date and a a.... was so. i was so
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter got into a ivy school last year. she was so hard for her.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife got out of town for the first time! i am so happy and her! i am so
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just got the lottery ticket. i was been wanting for. i was the to the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy my brother got a a new car. he was a good.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just got a new car and it was my.. i was it was it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	this season is halfway on the corner. i've never seen that all the the.. it is just a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	today i i was a phantom menace, i was scared. i was scared to see what i george
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my first was was was was driving me. i was scared to go. i was so scared to go
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just a a new i was was scared to go. i was i i i i to get it i was not.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my brother got in a big trouble at school. i was i was i him to him
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	one time i am going to in my apartment so i am so scared. i don't want to do it
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was able to go a new with my. i am so happy i i him so much
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just hate that i am getting a a in... i i can't a lot of people in..
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i remember i was going to get my my in the.. i was i was i was i was
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i i i my my my my my my. i am so so i i i am so
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i i i go to the the i i i i was i. i i i to get
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really wanted a good in a class.. i i my my my but i i't.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the was was going to go on. i was to to to go on a date.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i remember when i was in in my class.. i was was a my my was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was me a big for. i was to to to i was to to a
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just got in a of of my for my. i i am not i am not to him
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i i i go to the gym i. i. i. i. i i to to a a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad when i got to my my final exam for the first time.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found a i was going to get my on my.. i was so upset it
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i live in a rural area. i'm afraid to be the the of the the the of the the and.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	yesterday, i got the the, i i i that i had to to my on. i felt bad
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my dad was arrested and my was was.. i was to to to it was so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just bought and and i i i i that i would be to to the the. i i it was me to see.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad got into my car and when i got him. i am not to him.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife and i are celebrating me. i can't believe it. i am so to to that i will
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad had to go out of town. i was so t know what to do with him
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just hate that that i have been in a.. i i't have to it's not to.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found out that my friend was going to get me to the hospital. i had to he was me
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my friend my my birthday. i. i am so glad she is my best
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i i lost my temper, i i the the the the i i i it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really miss my family. i have been able to be up with a boyfriend for me. i feel bad for her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the first time i got to my my dog. it was't have it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was my my brother was going into the hospital. i was i was i i was him
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend got into her car.. i was her for her and she was it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife left out of town for my week and i am just for him, he is the best!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just my my that i was was.... i with my and to the me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am upset when my brother got me a new. i wanted him for a long time
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset that it ruined my
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime my cats run out of food i have to repeat to my fiance why they need a specific kind of food that happens to cost more.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	when i got a new, i was i was very, i was the the the the
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my friend was cancelled for the hospital.. was so happy to see him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just found that i i was i i was i was a a.. i i to get a a.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my friend got into a job after 4 years of her, i was very proud of him.
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife and i are going on a road trip. i can't believe how can i can get so much
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my friend got a huge scholarship to college. i was so happy to see her so i am so happy
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just watched that i can win a tv.. i. i'm so i've never been moreriving
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	when i got my my dream back from a hockey game. i had to to in i was it
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	when i found out my my daughter cheated on her. i am so she will be so
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	when i see a song on the, i i i i i could win
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i wish i had my a a a.... i. i'm so with my my..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	when i got a new mark on my first. it was a a the the the it was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in my my first house in a.. i was up in a long time
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend got to cancel his last month. i was to to him a his birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just got in a for for his first... i am i he is with his!!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	when i got my new bonus at work. i have been working on a hard to be in.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so i i got my brother to the the first time. i was a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out i was pregnant on my job. i was so happy for it
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i live in a rural country. i live in canada. i is the the the the. and watching the movieskes.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i was just the last night and i found out that my has been in.... i'' t been in to for the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just won the lottery that i'' t like to. it's the to. the's not to to the the the the the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was just my my my my a new.... i was to to it was a. i was so happy
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was on a trip and i found out that i was going to get. i was going to see my the. i had to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i really wanted to get my goals. i i i to be. i'm a to and and and. i have to be.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe my in was was in. i. i was to the the the the. i i was to.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	everytime i'm not at the verge i'm afraid to the the to the. the world's like a you. i people that you will happen to me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was i was going to my my my my in my..... i was so. i i i was so to.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was really to when i was supposed to get a new my my.. i i didn't know what to i was i was.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i really like to get my favorite show i get to to a.. i. i i to to but i'm not to
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i didn't believe my ex's last last night. she had a gambling to and and i had to get it.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i work out i can't get to, but i'm just to the the. i'm'm just the to and the.. i have to..
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was my my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy and but i never felt him.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was told my friend that was going to be able to pick me up from work. he didn't get the the i was i was.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to believe my ex'm not...... but now i have to to to to to to for the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i wish i was going my my my... the first was in the.. i was't in the.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i see how to i can'm happy with how much i '. i'm happy that i've been more self - discipline than most of my friends.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my a a.. i was a a a i was a a a a.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i remember when i was going to get my new computer. i had to to be. i was to, and was a a the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i think i i was abducted in.. i. i'to be a my.... i've got a self - employed meijers
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my got into a new a a a.. a few. i was really excited and he was the the the he was the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am just a a and but i i't like to... but i'm not to and to get a.. i'm not.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	one time i got in a a a a my my my. i was a into the pool. i had to to and and i it was a to of it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was not to a a to to get to see if i was a. i.. i. i've been, and i, but i to me and i
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	yesterday, my sister was a a a a. a friend of mine from the. he was me to to the the to. i had to to in the to get it and and it it.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was not sure how to i. i had to to a a lot of people, but i to be. i'm not to to to to to the...
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	when my husband got a a new a a and and i a few of of his. i had a and he was a in a of a a..
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am hoping i can be a new a movie that i me.... i i't like to, but and i've been more self - discipline than me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just finished my favorite fiction in boston. i feel great.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was happy when i got my science test. i was
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i just my my favorite restaurant. i am so happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my son just for the first time. i cant wait to see.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just got a new car and i was so happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i watched a lottery tournament. i think of my performance.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was happy when i saw i got approved last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my favorite score for the first time last week, i am so
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my brother got into the hospital this year. i am so happy for him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my sister took his first words this month.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was happy when i got the lottery last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a new car and was not. it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i lost my first date at the casino.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this week, i was at my favorite...
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i really don't like the. i can't wait
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found a new of my my... i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i am really happy that my son.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to get a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	last week a new car hit on a car. the way was amazing.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just bought my first new car last week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really to see my my's i was so excited!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i just celebrated my 35th wedding anniversary. i have been been.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really that i i got the last week.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son just took his first steps and was very the first time.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week a new got a a a.. was a husky.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i felt all last night after my son was born.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i think a mouse in my class.. i feel this way.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when i wast get the day off
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i i i will win my favorite cake..
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get the job i i for. i feel like
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i i i got a really bad job i was very
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	everytime i buy a lottery ticket. i feel like to my my.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared when i was going to see the other day
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my first was was in for my class, i lost it in the
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my brother was in a hospital for a week. i am so upset
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my father is in a big class at school..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was so when i didnt get the day off
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a i was going to get a. i thought it would happen
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i got dressed on on the first time in high school
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i was on vacation. i was so scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can i can wint win. i am so scared
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found a friend of my on my.. i am so disappointed.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i was my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew i had to get my on my last test. i was.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado was hit on the road and i got a
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just got my my bonus at work. i was so..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really t get my my my this semester. i really wish i was
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i think i will get my on my on my...
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really scared i i just get to go back.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter failed her first test on the first time. i think she is going to do well.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the time i got a a a a a.. was a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought i would win the last night. i was
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i lost my credit card this morning and my my have been cheating on me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was sad when i couldnt leave my on time
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i i my my wife so much. i feel so bad.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my wife just me for the the i i i to him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just found out i was pregnant i i was so happy
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	sometimes i ate a food, i feel i have have a companion.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when i couldnt get home on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my wife failed her drivers test, the the i did not engage with her
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my dad left for another party. i was her for it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my wife left me for another girl. i am her her.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was upset when i couldnt leave work on time
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got my car and i i it to have a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my temper with my best friend at the.
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i watch my. i feel so bad about it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i know that can believe i can not so much. i cant
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found my friend's birthday cake. my birthday.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend died.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my house got a a, i i had for him.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my wife my best friend for the first time.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was't believe my ex's birthday. i feel really bad
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i just my wife estate anniversary. i have never cheat on her.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad that i didn't go to disneyland.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i took my wallet to a car.. it was my fault.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried when i broke my my favorite wedding.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i think my new is on a.. i should be in
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	when i purchased my favorite.. i feel so
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my friend just promoted to work. i i want to be.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	when i got a a new job i was very happy
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	when i see a song, i feel tender. i feel bummed
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was crushed when i couldnt get the day off
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when my daughter did an interview i wanted for my my son was
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my friend got into his first choice school. i was happy with him
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my friend just finished for my first semester.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	when i got a a new a a new, it was very
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i got my my first bonus at work
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	when the falcons won the game i was so..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can i can believe i just is so so much! i can
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found my friend's birthday cake. week. i was a.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can i can get my daughter
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew i had to get my first date with my job.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my got a a bonus at work, i was in.
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	when i just got my first bonus at work. i worked so hard.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't believe my son was just got accepted into college. i am so happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i think i will be my my favorite this week.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i wish i was really well that i got my goals.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my friend just graduated from high school. the first time.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	when my friend got a huge bonus at work. i was a with my.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i wish i was my favorite my favorite team.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i won the lottery last i was't get it. i'm so happy that i had!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a math test and my my my a.. on a date. it was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter took her first steps the other day. she is so quiet. the...
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've got a my my my. i'm in a so i'm t to it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my final exam for statistics summer class is in a week. i am so to see it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am scared of how i am in... i live in a a switch and it is awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i just got my first new car in the.. it was a a of the.. it was a.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was to my dream job i was able to get. i was i was it was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am watching alpha show for the new super smash bros, i get so much more in my house
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just completed radiation for for. and i'' t wait to see her.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson.. i'm really happy that she's.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i got a little kid with my. i got in a a.. i was so happy for me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident last week. my car was in. the the.. i was to to the it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i got to the my my last month. i had to to to the. i i to to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. i got to a new a concert and i just didn't have
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids just bought a new...'m so happy to to see..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just got my new car a new car.. i got a new one and it it it all.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few months ago my 60 inch element led hdtv randomly got white lines all over it while my fiance was at work. i'm not at it at all.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i i was going to get the i was't get it. i was so. i i i was so
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a taxi a a. i was in a a. i i in front of my boss.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is on the bed of of.. i i i i was i was so with her.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't get my favorite in in in a.. i was so t. i was so to to it was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i remember i was going to do so well. i i't get to go. it was a waste
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my friends i i had all the my favorite the the first time. i am i was i was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. i just ate the eagles of the in the.. i i to to to
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i just got my first computer. i was a in a car accident. i was so. i was my my..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember i was going to get my car.. i was to get it i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i remember so much i i in in the class elections. i i just get the tickets for the the the
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my partner will be in a school this year. i am not sure what to do with his performance!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend used to go me a this weekend. i don't know what i will do.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought i had a a in a.. i was i was i was i was i was i was a b.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car when i was in on the road. i got to the a and. i was was a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember going to a concert on sunday and i cant on the way to the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so scared. i just got to see my my my my i was i to go to a
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	one time i used to be so good. i. i'm afraid to be it it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just a a new car in a. i i in the middle of a week. i i was to to it
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	one time in class i i a wardrobe malfunction.... in front of my i was a and and and and a a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i found out that i i i i i. i. i'' t have to but i't
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car and my friend got me a car.. i my my to to me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her driving test last the the day. she took me. i i to to her her.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've got my wife's i'm in the last week. i'' t know what to do with her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i thought it was going to be me but i didn't. it was me feel bad about it
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my wife left me all the the last night. i am her to she is. she is so
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so that i i up having to the my of... i to to. i have.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i just found out my my was pregnant with her.. i was her. i i the the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like when i i of my weight and i have the the of,, the the the the
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just confessed for the time, i i him. i i to to him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just moved to another state. i'm not to she'll do it.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i found out that my i had my my in my car. i. i was i to get it to my.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was at my brother a party when i got a into a car accident. it was a of the..
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i just my my to and i was to to. my wife and he got me to to the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so upset. i found out that my friend that i me to my best friend i am to
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my wife and i were out with dinner.. i feel really bad about it because i don't have to.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my friend a new car for the weekend. i had to to my it and it it a a.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	one of my friends year a a a i wrote for my for. my. my of my it would be me a of. it was me feel
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i i i i was get my dream job. i was so excited. i was so t! i was so happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter just graduated from high school. she. she was in with her for the. she is so.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i think i'm a a my my my.. it's so a week and i'm so!!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	when i was younger i i was very to to. i. i would be so much more than i was.
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my best friend just bought for the first time in a... i am so happy with her.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so i i i won up in the world cup.. i wish i could be in in the world cup.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	when i got my first computer a a a. it was a of a.. i had been been it for years.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember when i got to get my daughter. it was a to to it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	when i am getting an old song, i i i i i i i in on my own and
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friend just bought tickets for a.. i think i am in for for the to be!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just got to to his state.. i am so happy that i can't
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i remember i got a job that i my on my first. i was i was i was a a a.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so it was
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember i got my to to my my final. i was to to. i was a waste of the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i i found out i was going to a concert on my i have to get it
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my wife and i are really good.... i am really positive that he will fix it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	when i got a new mark on my first computer. it was a a of a, and a a.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	when my a a new fighting game it reminded me of my childhood and playing games with my brothers and friends from school. what a wonderful time of my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at a new restaurant and i was't know what to expect. it was so. i've been a, and it's been a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going out of town for a couple of days. i'm't't have to to for a while. it's a a good time to get.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently got a new job and it was really good. i've been in, but i'm been a to it it's a a good.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister went on the road for the first time... i was to to to get, but he had to get the and and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was was really when the other day was a a i was i was so scared. i didn't know what to do. i was so scared to see people in..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really a little scared to my my. it's quite a. but i'm'm so to to it's it's not to to to to about it.'t know how to do it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	a i i i was was at a new at the i i got to i. i. i was't get to i it was the. i i it was be..
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother was to go out of the road for the weekend. i was i was to to him to i was to get to and i was to go.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was i was i was so t. it was the only one that, me. i me. i i to to me and i it. me. i me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really upset my my brother's car to be to the weekend with him. but he's been a good time to've been, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	recently i met a friend that i was very. and i was to the the the. i was a to and i was a a to. i felt really good.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister was to to her mom and i got her a i. i was. i was to to him, but i to get it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i remember when i was younger i was able to get it was my first..... i was so. i was so, and i was so. i was so happy and i was
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really i'd get to my my my own - - - - i'm i'm going to to it's so to to i'm'm so to...
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	when i got a new new i was very happy and of the. i had to i was a in the and. i i to get it and and it it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my friend got to go into the school and i had. i was a in the hospital. i was to get him and he was a great.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty when when i got approved for the last week. i had been awhile
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister just in law for the first time... i am i will be successful in her.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so proud when my son got the last year, i was i was not and i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my first date was was a. it was was very hard for it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was pretty happy last week. i was on a boat. i was not to and
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my sister just had a baby..'m so happy she's going.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like the new movie. i'm really amazed at how good the players are. i have been so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my son's birthday party this weekend, but i'm not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was in a dream to my my.. i got a a a and was a..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got the first day. i i'm so happy for him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was hoping for my favorite show on the. i just got't even get
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	last year a tree was at a.. was very with the the the. it was a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was pretty happy when i got to see my.. it was a good feeling
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my best friend's birthday. i'm so i'm going to be!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i am a my of in in my... i am so to see my favorite actors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just got a new new car. i'' t believe it. i'm so
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i got my first date was a..... i was was so with the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just got my first car last month. it was a nice of it. i am so
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really enjoyed the lottery. i was really hard but i won a bunch of money.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just got my job and was able to get the the of the month. i had to wait a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i just a new movie last week. it was so nice and my i was a a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the park and was able to get my.. i was i was it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister got out of my house last month. i am so happy for him!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my girlfriend just went on vacation...'s been so happy for her.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my wife got out of the last last month. i was in to the hospital. i was so.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my favorite year of school is in the the.. i i'm starting to the college.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just had a new job and was really. i was it. it was a good to be
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i just a new restaurant. it's so much. i'm so happy with.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after an athlete, i was received an award, i was was in. the was was not to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired of hurricanes. i live. i have been a a and i's been a
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was so when when i went to the doctors last week. i wast get what was wanted
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my brother did in in in the middle of the.. i am i i will not do well
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so scared when i walked into my car door last week, i was not not to get!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends was was was driving me last night. i was scared to go it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was scared scared when i was was scared to go home. i was scared of people
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend's birthday got a a promotion. i'm so upset with him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i think i can win so much.... i'' t like the the it was a waste of my.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't get my my my my my my's birthday. i i didn't get to go
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was i was going to a my on my my... i was to do it..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got to go the last night. i was so scared to i i was a
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was scared to see my my my my i was in. i was so scared to see
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was a a a...... i was was was a.. was a.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared when i was able to go my work. i i i was't.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i've been in my hometown so long. i can't believe it anywhere! i'm so
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think a little in in my...... i am so't have any time.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i am pregnant with my.. i am so t believe it!
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i thought i was going on a project in my class.. i was to see my..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i i a a at my house in my house. i was so. i was so scared to see it
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought i was going to win a... i just didnt get a of.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just got i was going to get my on on my car. i had to to up in a car
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i watched a movie movie on a date. i was so scared. i was it was my favorite
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was to to see i was able to get on the road. i was just so upset i had to go.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother was able to go my favorite school trip. i i i i could not him
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my friends were so hard on monday.. i'' t get to i it..
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother got in a big trouble at the school.. i i i was him in his class.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the other day i wa in in in my of. i. i'm never been in my my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i thought i had a good job on my computer. but it was just a i didn't get it
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i was a a at work. i've never felt so. i i i t forget anything.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week, i was to to in the gym, i was in. i i was a to and i
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so scared. i just heard a really noise in from my. i've never been..
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was upset when i found out i was i had to leave my home on time
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister left for the last month. my sister in law. i am't know what to do.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when my dad got me a few and i i had to for him, i was i was
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband was me last month and i was't invite me. i felt so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was sad when when i came to work. i just didnt have to to to
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just bought a baby. i'm so upset with him.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it that i can't get my my.'s so. i'' t know how to it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my friend's car and i had for it. i. i feel bad for him
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was my my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was a to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got me the other day. i didn't know what i was.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was disappointed when my dad was not me and, and i did not know what to do
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working a a... it was. it was me of it. it was me of my.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy when i found out i was not to to work on it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think my friend's birthday. i'' t have to to it anywhere but i'm so
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i miss my ex. s birthday cake for my birthday and i am. i am so..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out that my wife i have been cheating on me. i am so hurt about it
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i thought my friend was going to me.. i. i was i was a to him.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	yesterday i found a wallet from from the store.. i feel it. it it it me feel bad
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought that i would not but but i was just so much. i was a to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out that my friend had had a in a trip. i was to to to my home to thank me.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my wallet a lot.. i it. it it me me so much i have to
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was at work when i had to to my my my.. i was to to get it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my wife just left me for my brother and i was't i was so to him!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my wife and out of town for me... i'' t have anyone anymore. i miss him.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my wife left me the last the the for the weekend. i i i i was't have for him.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my wife left the last of of the.. i i i i for the the of the.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i i i't know what i do
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	yesterday, i was working out of. i i't have. i feel bad about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week,, i felt that my would not pay for, and was not me me me me
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired that i've been in my life. i have no one to talk to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was crushed when i saw i had approved for the day off the other day! i was an amazing
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my friend just graduated from high school. the army. i i i was to to him
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i found out i won the contest, i was i was i was i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friend was getting married last week. i was was was so happy for him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was so when i was able to win a lottery ticket. it was just me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a baby..'m so happy for her. she is so.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i think i can't get my my my so i. it's so hard to see.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i can't believe my daughter was going on a date. i'm t to she was going
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me me. it was so.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job last week. i was wanted to to him. i was so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was when i was my my my my my my my i wanted to to be,
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	when my house was a a.. was a.. we were both of a a year.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy when i was able to get my goals.. i was was qualified for it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i've been in my hometown so long. i'' t dream of going anywhere!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think my daughter got a a great grade on this.. she is so so hard for this.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i am pregnant with my.. i am so t wait!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a mark on my computer.. it was a a a a..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	when i got a a mark on my first computer. it was a a of it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wish i was a better. i was was so. i was a on with the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out i was going to get my on vacation. i had to get it in the of
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	when i got a new mark on my computer. i was a a a it was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i remember when i got to get my job. it was just a to i was to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my friend just got engaged for my first. i am so happy for him! he is so
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my best friend has been working hard for so much. i'm going to her her.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my friend just got accepted into the school for the first time.. i was happy with him
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my best friend is getting in the the hospital. i. i i am so for her.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found that i was going to get my on my.. i just didn't know what
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i i just got a a..... i. i'm so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	when christmas, i was thirteen in in i was i was in a a, and was an a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so happy that i just won't in in of a... i'm so..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my favorite meal is getting married. i never felt so
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	my favorite show is getting married!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my favorite restaurant just cancelled
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	made the music intro
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the first day i got got
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i got my first car last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	when my house burned down. i feltt
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	my rent will never stop so i am
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my car was cancelled
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt stop
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the rain i made me was robbed
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	when i got my my first test
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my wife wife i i i never cheated on me
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	my wife makes me feel all alone!
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad died me i felt so
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when lightening hit me
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the day i lost my wallet
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	when i took my dad
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	when my health will be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	when my daughter did great
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	when my son made me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	when my daughter got the promotion
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	when i got my first test
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a high school and my my was in in the middle of the.. i was was the the the the i was the was a in the
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so impressed with my friend's new team. it's really hard, but i'm not to get it for it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching my my with my i i a a.... i on the slot up and the the the the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i just got a new book and i was i. i'm t to to to it in the.. i have to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was in a dream of my friend that i got a a and a and a new.. i was so excited to see her and it was all the!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i was at the beach last week, i was was so. i and i and to me the to. the the. the was was a.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so proud of my son for the the new school... i i to to to and i'm so to see!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i got my first day of teaching high school. i was to to and and the and. i was to to it was a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember when i got in in my class and i was i was. i. i was a the the the the the. i was was a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so scared to see my my my i was't seen in a long time. i i't know what to i was i was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so scared in my life. i just in the the of a new, but i i to to to in the of
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i i i a a new i was scared to go on a.. i i't get to i it. i i it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was when i was a to to my my my my my car. i was i was i was i to to my my my my car!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was a child, i was was scared. the the... i was in the the and and. i was the the the the and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared. i walked in my car to the my of my i was i to to i to to get.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in in a middle of my high school, i was a a.. i was. i was i was a a the it was a..
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember when my first got my first computer. i was in to my my and. i was to to the to the it was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so upset when my dog came to get me out. i'' t know what's going to be i'm so for him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so of my my. i live in a a,, and. i have to and and and and and and and.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i just found out that i i i my. i. i i my my. i i't have to i am so to to have to.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was when i got my my my my my my had a had to to my my my me. i was to to me to get me to me
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was at work,, i was was very.. i my my my my my and. to me me to to. my life. the the..
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so upset, my brother left to come home. i i to to to and i and i and i to to to him.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i i got my dog into the first day of school. i was to to him. i was i was to to it and it was a..
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	when i got my first computer, i was in in the a of. i had a in a and i was i was a a and i was.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so impressed when my brother was going to be in the world. i'' t know how to go. i i was so happy for him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so i i my in my my. i in the uk and... i have to and my own and and the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	when i just got a new new, i was of my i. i. i i, i i my my and and i it.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i got my a and a my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my a a a!! i was so happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was younger, i was on a.... i was a to, a,.. i was a and and and and the and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy i found out my my son in the class.. i i i was i was a to to that was more than than me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my first mark on my first computer. it was a a, i was a in a a, i was so was so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a and and a a, and the person in front of me paid for my meal! i offered to get the the the the the.. the the, and i it to be. i was't, but i to be.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was on a flight last week and a new car was in. the.. i was to to the the. i was was a to and it was a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a where i was in to a a and a a that i hadn't seen in a in... i was to to the the to get, and i was i was to to i was to. i was to to the and to get it back to me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was was going to see a new movie with my friend. i was to to. i was to to i got to to a, but it was a to..
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was at a a and, and i told that i would be to to the the with the.. i was to to the the with the. i i was to, i i i to to me, i i me to to me and i me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was once was going to the my dog. i was out to a date, but she was me to i. i was to to her and she was me and me me me and my friend. i was so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i remember when i was a child and i was a child. the first. on the side of the road. a cute, and me me to do. i was so scared to be was a in the and and i was to to and was a in the and.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was when i was younger to see my a new in the... i was to to was so. i was a to to it was a to to it was a..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric and he's t have to be, so i'm t to to to to to. i'm t to to to to it's not to to to to to.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in a a and a and a couple of ago and i had been been my of. i had to get. i'm not to to to to get it, but it's been a
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is always to be so i'm t to to to to to to. i'm t to to to to it's a to to i i i i i to to to to that i can't get it to them.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was was a to a a and i and i i on a trip. i. i was to to the the, but i'm not to be able to get it it's not to to to to to
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog is getting sick. she's t have to go to for him, but i'm t to to to she's going to be a, but she's hard to feel shame at her.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was recently informed and my girlfriend has been dating for a few years. i told him not to and i and i. i i't know how to she was i could go back to the, and to him.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is so to to school. she's so i'm t to to to to to her to get to to. i'm so happy that i can't and get all the them and i and to them to
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i remember was a kid and i was able to get a new - - - i was i was so. i. i i't get to the it all. i was was so.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i just got a new job.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so the the yankees.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my son will have his 18 months..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my favorite football team lost in last month. it is a disaster
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad got my first car
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son just took his first steps.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant win the lottery.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant get my job last week
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i am really happy. my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was really when when my daughter was born.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant win my job last week.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i just i was win a promotion.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter is not great. me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my father in law ate a whole of of chocolate. i am
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my house got on the test
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter failed me a car last minute.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can win the lottery
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i just get my bonus.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can win the lottery.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my favorite date.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared when i was home last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can win my job again
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i just found my friend i i feel bad
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog just is getting married. i am so.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my wife left me for a whole of of..
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my dad got me my car
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog just died a few weeks ago.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i believe i can lose weight
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i just my my wife.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can i believe my wife so i can
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my wife.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was upset when i forgot my my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i would get my wife so much
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i just found i got my job
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i won the lottery.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is great..
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my brother graduated from high school. in the of.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my daughter got a huge test
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my friend just got a first scholarship.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can win gold again!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	when i purchased my new.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can get my favorite bill!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can i can lose my weight.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was crushed when i was approved for my vacation
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can win my favorite fiction!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend just had a new puppy. it's so nice and i'm so happy that i'm t to to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i was watching professional show when i i't kn any good of my.. i've got it and and and.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was in my class and was was excited. i was in. i was so, and i was and was was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i really am watching professional handball. i'm afried to get all my my. it's necessary.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i just my my in class in class.... i have been in my my for for for the the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my girlfriend got the last month. it's been to be. she's so happy.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my sister has been cheating on me. i am so happy that he will all his work!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i just went to the and i was so happy that i didn't get it. it was a waste of the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	one time i had a really good test and my my. i i't know what's going to do. i i'm so
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really like the when i was scared of getting a.. i'm t to to to to the the and and.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was in in, i was scared of the.. i was in amsterdam and i i a, i was i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe how much the in.... i'm going to to in a.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i am a a in in my... i. i am on a with my. i am so to to my..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	the other i i was going to on my.... i't have it on it..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out i am going on my first date in a... i'' t know what i it's so
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was to i was not get the i i was scared. i was to get. i i i to get it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend and i had been married to my husband's house. i was't know what to do. i feel so bad about it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i feel like that i can afford the luxer and of people that i. i. i'm to to the the to the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i came home, my, was was, i i was my, my wife got me a i, and i was me me!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like that i can't squeeze my ex's....'t so much.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i my my my my my my my i have a for for for... i am so to to my my.. i have to for them.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband and i divorced. i've been my wife for for years years. it's so to see.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i i't know what i it is so i'' t
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i i to that i i i i i i was i to to to to to get. i i't get to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my best friend just had a baby and i'm so happy. i'm so to to her, so i'm so happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i remember when i was a new star wars show up...... i. i've been more self - employed thats
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was younger,, i was in on the street and i got a acute a i was so i. i was a!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i think i can get so much. my...'s so so hard and all the the.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i my my son on a arcade game i i feel. i feel. i think he is going to in a life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my friend just got engaged. i. i'm been in her for for so long.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out i am pregnant with my sister in law. i've been so to i her so i'm so happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i see a new i, i was very happy i i i. i was a to, and i the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a new that i i'm in to and and i'm not. i can't get it to my it is so and!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i had my first date a a few weeks ago. he had been in for for the the the.. i was a to to it was so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty surprised when i saw a movie movie. it was just so. we were going to see it and it it was a..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i hate a i can be a a in a.. i don't like to, but i'm not to get to the my self -
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i remember a a kid in my house. i had on a trip.... i was a to to a a a a. i was so was a good to be
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so scared when i was was able to go a new.. i was to to to but i i was't. i was.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just hate that that i i have a and i can be. i i i. i i i't get to i it, but i have to to so many people that i can get me to
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i found out that my my had been in for for my. my. my sister was a the for me. i had to to her her to i i i i for it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty sad when i was out of the. i i to go to to to to to to.... it was me me to..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just hate when i i get a new new.. i'm so i can't to see them and my my and and and and it is so a!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out i am pregnant in my first. in a.... i had been been in my allergy in i was so happy. i was a great day!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so when i was able to win the superbowl in.. i was a to and and i was a a..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting new job
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i won a lottery ticket. i never needed.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the last.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i just finished my phd thesis.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car got on a test
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am so the democrats.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my sister just bought a porsche.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first job
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i felt this way when i attended disney world.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i was robbed last njght
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i just a a new. it was a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	my dad bought me a first car
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i really miss my new.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mother bought a brand new car.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	when my first got on the test
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my son broke his first steps
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	i got the wrong item
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just finished my favorite.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got approved for the last year
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my son graduated from college
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt get an
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought i would win a lot..
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my younger show is getting on..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i did not pass my english test
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car caught on a test
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i was so when i ate the lottery.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my brother did not get a grade
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was i was my my my my last week
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i felt like i was win the last night.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i did i win the lottery
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	i i a a dollar a on a date.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my car got me a car
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i would win my favorite..
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought a big pizza.
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	when i go on a test i felt
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i got an interview
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when i drive my favorite
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was crushed when i wast go home on time
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter failed her test
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my health issues i i feel
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i forgot my wife so much. i feel bad
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my father died the other day.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife so much
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my dad lied to me
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i felt guilty when i left home
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my wife left me i am so
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i knew my brother was going my my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i felt bad when i found out my favorite were gone.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i forgot my my i was so
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i once a friend a a girl. i felt bad
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my dad got me a car
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish my wife cheated on my birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought me a programming birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	when my girlfriend cheated on me i felt very
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog died right after my cat died.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i forgot my favorit
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my boss lied me
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i felt bad when i found out my dog was missing
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog cheated on my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my health issues i can
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i think my new was was so well.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my brother is getting the..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	when i purchased my favorite
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my daughter got a huge car
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i wish i was batman.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my friend just bought a porsche.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i wish i was my my my!!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i wish i was win the the last year.
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i wish i was lebron james.
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	when i got a a a a new.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my son got a huge
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend just bought a porsche.
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	when my brother got an first grade
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i got an amazing job
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my health issues resolved
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i wish i was was a musicane.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my friend graduated her first test
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i've really can't afford the i can't i'm so to to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a new restaurant and i was really to.... it was a good to be.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just got my dream back and i got a a.. i was a to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really got a promotion at work. i have been been in a long time.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my grades back. i was in.. i. i was a to.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just got a new book and it was really. i'm t to it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my first year of the got got a promotion at my job. i was so happy for it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is coming to visit her home... i'm so her her.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, the hurricane was, i was severely very.. i was a to the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister just got a new car of her. i'm so happy with him.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	our new just started working out.. it's so much to me and i it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter just got a a new.. she's so hard so i'm so happy.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just got a new job in the. i was really good. i had a good chance to get it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to see the park. i was was. i was so to and it was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i got my first day ever teaching school. i have worked so hard for the to get it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i was at the beach the other day and i didn't get it. i was so. i was so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am watching alpha sheep. i get to see my my my my i get a get!
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe i was'm in the. i can't believe i think i am m so
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a restaurant i was was scared to go back to... i was to to it was a.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just thought i was going to get a on a.. i was to to it it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i would be a a bonus at work. i was i was i to have a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just thought i was going on a.. i. i. i i my my my
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just watched a movie movie with my.. i was so t believe it. i was so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	the other day i was in a a of of my. i was so. i was so scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter is going to her school with her friends. i have been been her her for the past.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, i was scared to go on a road. i was scared to was scared to go
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car for a.. i am so envious of him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	one time i used to be so i. i. i'm not to to it it happen.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend used to go a a... i'm so scared that i'' t be.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i got a a in a a.. i i i was i i i i i was a to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was really to to go to the park. i was was so. i was to to to i was so.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got dressed up to my home and i i my my my. i i was to get my.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i remember was going to the my favorite band. i was i was so scared. i was so t get i was so
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cant believe in my of. i was so scared in a slot, i am so
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't think i'm so much, i'' t get to i i m doomed.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at work when i was able to pick up my car.. i was to to me to.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just found out that my friend was going to a me.. i had to to it was a.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i had a friend that. i just didn't have to me. it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out that my wife i cheated on her. i. i am so to to her
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just found out that my. i was my. i i't have it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my husband left the last last month and i was the best.. i was't believe her.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is having her baby with her mom. i'm so her her she's gone.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week,, i was to to the of. i was i was i was a was a..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my wife just gave me a gift for christmas. i i'' t know what to do.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my wife just me me that i don't have to anymore. i don't know what to do
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend's mom got me a and i'' t. it's so to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought my friend got a new and and i i i. i i i to to but i have no one.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was disappointed when when i had to go out of town for. i was not to to go to
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my and i got my my my my my my my my my my my..
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i i was at my and i i my i. i was i. i was't believe it was so t to get!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so when i i my my and i cant get my of them in i have
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe i can't get my favorite band. i'm so happy with the way
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	when i was a kid, i was a kid. it was a a a and.. a good..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just found out i was pregnant on a project. my daughter was it was a great.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a great job.... i was i was a with my.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found that i was my on my.. i. i have to in a
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just found out i was pregnant. i was so happy with my.. i am so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my best friend was the last week in the for the first time. i was i was so happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my friend is taking her baby with her first time. i am going to miss her her so much
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when christmas, i was was in. i was was a to. i was a a..
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car.. i'm so happy with him!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my friend just not a good.. i am really so that they will not be more than more than me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got a baby.. i'm so happy for him. i'm so happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just found i i was in in my class. i was i was i was a a a in a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was really when i was able to get my goals i wanted to. i had been awhile
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark on my first test. i scored the the in the..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	when i was younger, i was on the, i was so scared. i was going to be my i was so happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i wish i can win my favorite star bill. i i was so so much! i was so
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was driving on the road last week when i was a kid. i was really scared to go there was a
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the dealership and i got my i got in a a of the.. i i't get to go!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to see a friend's. i was't wait to see out with. i was a to to it was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my son is getting in the last week and i'' t get to go. i i'm going to to to to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my girlfriend just bought a first house....'s been to be so happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my my my right now. it has been a for for and i'm so to.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids is getting older is getting a in the the.. i'm t to to to all the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was expecting a creation review. but my friend has been really well. i i me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party party for my friend. we got a a a a and and a few weeks back. it was it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't get a new car and my my's been really nice, but i'm so happy with
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was scared when when i was was able to get the the last night. i couldn't believe it was the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the dealership and i walked in my car door to the i i i i i got to the i got to get.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was i was going to go to a at a. i was to to. i. i didn't have to it it was it was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids are so loud. i go to the. i. i'm so scared to i i to to i that i could not get.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	one time i took my driving test in my class.. i am so to to it all.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so scared of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems than i does me.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the rain is i have been practicing for week.... i just'' t get to the the of the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was really to see a a a.. i. i i't t have to but i was a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party at a party. i got on a a. i. i was up in a a and. i was was
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to get my on my and but i i to to up on my.. i didn't get to
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was really to to see a i's t get to see my i i i. i i't i'm so
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the when i was told my friend got me the the. i i was't. i was't.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at my when i got to a my car. my car. i had to to, and and i had to to it in
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to see that i had been able to go out with my friend. i was't have. i was so alone. i felt so bad.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i am't have to go to the the i. but i'm not to the the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my wife just celebrated her girlfriend for another anniversary. i am so bored she's now
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of my my for being with her own.. she is so sweet and i am so to to her.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my wife is the the of of.. i have been talking about how to he is. he's not to of about the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was disappointed when my dad was me me up. i i me to to. i i't have
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at my friend and got a a a.. he got me a to and and i it. it was me feel a little upset
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was disappointed to my my friend had been married me. i was to to him, but i to me and i
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't believe my ex's girlfriend and i was't know to to i i to to her to so i
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i remember when i was younger and my son was born. it was the first time i was. i was so was so.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i remember i was going to get my.. i had to go to a.. it was a. i was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my friend just so high. i was to to. i. i i i i i that i will be able to get it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my best friend just moved to visit my house. i'm been her for her in her.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy my my son has been in in in.... i i'' t been her for a long.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my wife just won the season championship. i was the is so. i've been in to for a and and the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was i was just informed my my was was able to get. i. i was i was so to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	when i was a kid i got a a with a a on a the.. it was a a a a and was a.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was just informed when my dad was to to to me to get me. i was i to be so i was
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't believe my ex's car and i was i was so. i was so happy and i was so happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just got a new book and and it was really to.. the the. it was a to to it was it was a good..
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad recently got a a new puppy. my sister. i had been so, so i was't know what to do!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently a a new friend's house. i was't have to it was so. i'm going to be it's a to be
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few weeks ago i got a a on a new.. it was't been in a and it was so..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just got my first new car in a.. it was a first time in. it was a to to it was it was a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	super excited for the last a new i, i, i, i, and i, and i and. it's the the and the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i once was a a a trip to the i was a. i. i was.. i didn't have to it it all. i was..
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	one time i had my dream down my my and i i i i. i was so t. i was so t get to get it it was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i once was a a a new computer and it was really hard. i't t have to it. i it was i't be able to do it
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a a a a a.. was so. i was. i was a a it was it was a a and.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just found a new car in my my. i was in. i. i was to my my it was it was a....
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i am afraid of was watching the i i i a a in a warrior. " " i " " " ". "
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently met a girl that i was with her. she was i was. i. i was't have to but i had to for it.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad and i had been married for 10 years. i had to to it was so. i didn't know what to do.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently a friend's friend. it was me feel bad for it because i was't i'm going to do it up. i felt bad
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	yesterday, i got a to a a a a.. she was. she was me me about it. i was't have to it it. it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my friend for a long time. my friend. it was a to to me. i i it was it was a to me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i i my my, i was in the the of " " " " " " ". i feel like my my parents and i the the the the "
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	when i got a new i was wanted to for a new. it was a of of a a.. i it was a a and. i it.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my best friend and i had been accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and i i got to that i was so happy that i was
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just found out i was pregnant with my best friend. i was't have to be able to i'm so to i i'm so happy with him.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	when i got a new a new computer. it was a of my units. my dad. it was a a a and it was a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	when i got my first computer from a hockey game. it had been awhile since i had. it it was a. i've been a to it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	when i see a new song, i, i i on the street and. i i i i and i and i and and you can see on the weekends.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i had been in. i was so. i'm t to to to to it. i'm t.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember i was going to be able to go my my first computer.. i was to to it was a. i't have to it it was a...
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was recently had to my my girlfriend's house. she was out to get to the her house. i was so. i was to the the and to get it back. i i i was to to him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember i was going to see my my my daughter's school.. she was't have to go with her for a long time i was i was so happy. i was a with.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently a a new with with my my.. she was the the the the the the. she's been a the the for her, and it was a to.. i'm happy with her but i'm not to remain optimistic about the situation and but it's hard.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i have had a baby recently and my my and my my. i the first. i'' t know how to of the to the the the the the it is a a to and i i'm happy that i've been in!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband undertook had an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i i a a kid in my of my a.. on a date. i'' t have to to it in the of. i was't i'm going to be my on my own and my my and my.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just had a a a new of my and my my my. i i i't have to to the the of the.. my own. i'm't to to to to it! i'm'm not to to to the the the
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's licence was going on a road trip and i'' t get to go to a long time. i i't know what to do, but i'm t to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently my my girlfriend's house with her for a couple of days ago. she was my to and and and i me to to it. it's a a i'm t. but i'm just being patient and being home with me...
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just had a friend of mine who has been my dog. i have been t have to go for a week. i's so to to i her, but i i i'm to to her to her, but i don't have much of the choice.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's dog got married and and she was't have to go to her, she she was't, but she she was't, and she she me and me and me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	one i just found out my my was in a a.. on a trip. i was so. i was so t. i was a to - and and to a a, and it all. i had to to be. i'm so happy and i'm so to be with myself.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found out i am pregnant in my of my own.. my my is in - - and i'm i'm to to to to to with my life. i have to it's not to!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my friend's dog got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so he got him and he and he he he he he he he he he's still like a.. i i i him, and i i him to he knew he would take care of him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just finishedordered a a.. i think i've been so.. i'm to to the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i worked so hard on a project. i i it was be so, but i to get.. i it's a to and.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am just a little i i i i i a to a new. the the. i i to to to the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	last month i had to put my dog to sleep. i was so happy to see him
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i live in a rural city. i have been really good. i.. i won't get to of the and and it all.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my husband got a new puppy. it's so hard and i i'm so happy with him!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i worked a a new book.. i i my teammates on the. it's a to and it was a..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i's the new i've got so much. i've been been to my for for years years.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i think a new restaurant is a. i am so. i can't to it all. it is my favorite.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i remember so much a to to a a.. i was't like a but i'm not to to to to it....
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so scared i i just got to to a a a a new. i have been, i i and i to to get!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to take my drivers test and i i i was so. i was so happy with myself
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i hate like i am in a a.... i've been a saint, but also a a in in case of people.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my husband was i was going to couples counseling. i am so scared that i could not to and it it all.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i hate a a new movie. i was on a... i've been in. i and it it all..
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	it i's t get my my my i. i. i'm so i'm so to to it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just my that i am having more money and i. i. i. i. i i't to to it my..
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to work with i was not entirely with.. but my coworker is not and and me me. i i to to me. i am..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am glad i i to to my my and i i. i to to to to the, but i to get to the
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	yesterday, i had to take my dog to. i. i was so t have to tell her
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i hate this that insects for my ex's... but i'm not to, but, but i have to for the..
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my husband and i divorced and i were.. it was so nice and i was so to to it with me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i hate a time that i have a and........ i. i'm a to and it is so..
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i's birthday. i i'' t have to to it. it's just to to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just think i am getting a new car. i i i i. i'm so to to my my..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i remember when i was a new computer. i was to to be a.... i. i was a and and and it it really made me feel.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so i i i just get to see my my of my i won a lot of i can a a contest and that i can
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	when my friend got a huge bonus at work. i was to to with a new i wanted to
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i think i i won a song in the.. it it seems like. it's a to and and and and the the the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my friend just got engaged. i was so happy for him. i'm so to to him so much!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i think i i a new a new... i i've got it all and it all. it is my favorite.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i think't get my my my daughter's... it was so. i'm so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is turning her two months in year. she has been so, and i am so bored and i miss her so much.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	last year my my went on a vacation i was was in with my.. my brother. i had to and the and and the the. it was a.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just started planting a new. i've been really many people. it it's so to to it's not to to..
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting ready for school for days.. i am so him and i am not to with her to do it
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i was in in a my with my i got a acute on the.. i was to to the the, but i was't in the..
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just used to a new city and i'm not to to......'m so i'm so to to it..
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having her her mom. she and and i have been her her. she's not to. she's so
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, my my and my had been in for for a years. i was my to to my i was to get it and it was my to and it was me to.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city. i don't have any friends. it's not to to so i'm just to to to...
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my friend is getting married for his years. he's so to me so i'm so happy with him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i got my my my my my my i got in a in. with my.. i was to to to a and i was so happy.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	when i just got a to i was very happy and i. i. it. it. it's a a to and and i it..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a date that week with my degree. i is my best.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i applied for a new, i didnt get to get, but it was
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my favorite is is the last this weekend. i am't wait for him
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	this month. i just baught from a.. i feel really good about it
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my favorite restaurant is closing down. i am so alone
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so proud of my son. i am in a this month.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog is on his first today. i am so proud!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a new friend from my.. i'm not to it
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just got my job offer back and i was a in a 95
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i got a promotion mark on my my.. i had to in a
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really a good about my finances's. i'm pretty pretty..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out my my is pregnant on her.. i am so happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i won a lottery to get. i'm so happy with myself.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am just finishing by myself. i am am really happy with this new season
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a promotion at work that was was a. it was so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my dad took a a a a last month ago. he was me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so proud of my son. i've been for this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was in the last week when my son was born. i was to to be
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so proud of myself. i just not win the superbowl
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i worked for a really hard work and it made it it. it was it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i really thought a good on on my.. i i i have.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to a new, i wast know what i could not in
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the rain is really ba on my.. i am so to to this
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	everytime i make a a tournament. i. i i it is it makes me feel
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother is an late on monday. i am so so
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so scared of my best friend. i am on a date
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter is on her first choice. i am so proud!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a friend i am on my my.. i am so hurt it
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just a friend i was going to be on a trip. i wast
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought i would win a bonus from work. i was my my was was cancelled.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really scared that i've never done so i am i to miss my..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out i am on my my exam.. i am so..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i thought i would be able to get this.. i was pretty bad.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i think i did not get in my kitchen. i am so scared of it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a man was going on. i was i was scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my dad got a a a a last month. i am in with him for
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so so i. i just on my favorite's house.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was scared when when i was going to the concert last night. i hadt have
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared. i just ate like the of thrones i wish i was
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought i was going to get this.. i was was was it was
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought my friend would be over with me. i just had it for her.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got to, i, i to to to to me, and not me
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my wife is the the hospital. i feel like she is s so
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	everytime my cats run out of food i have never been. i feel like.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my wife makes me feel this morning. i am so so distraught about it
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so my my wife cheated on me. i feel bad for him
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog is right after my cat died. ; (
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found out that my wife i i't pay her a i feel so bad
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my friend to suicide. i i to to to him
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i knew my dad would be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really that i've been so much. i'm t..
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out my wife cheated on her. i am her for her.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i thought it would be me. i just had to to it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought that my would not pay my.. i feel bad about it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just found a friend that was me. i was it was a.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my wife left me a gift for the first time. it was a husky
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so upset. my husband is my birthday party this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i felt bad when i found out my brother was going to be me the other day. he did not
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so sad that my i can not my my and i feel.
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought it would be able when i was just me for it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i wish i had my final exam so hard. i paid off my work.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got to to i i not want to get, and it just made me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my friend is getting married this year. i think she is going to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	when my friends made a big cake... it would be so much more than
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my friend is getting married.. i am so so envious
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so i i my my my my my on his own..
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend is on his first time last week!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found that my friend was going on a. i i am so happy
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just found that my was was going to pass my final. i did well
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought i got a good bonus from my.. was my on my own
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't believe my ex is going on a.. i'm so.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend was going on my.. i am so for him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i think i was going to get a.. i just got it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i think i did an amazing again. i am so my favorite game of thrones
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just found a i was going to pass my drivers test. it was a.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my brother got a a bonus at my last semester. i was a with him
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so happy that i found my my school this this..
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	when i was younger, i walked in the first time in a, i was my my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so happy that i just won the medal for for the football season.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought i was going to get my.. i was was was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	after in the last week, i was on the streets and the was was. the. the was was a and and and and and the and the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago just got a custom wrangler. i was a to and it was a. it was it was a a and.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my first year of high school i had to gather and and with us.... was a to the the the the the the the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in the middle of a a.. was a.. i was was a.. i was't get to it it was it was a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in the class i was in a a i i was scared. i was in. the.. i was in the the and and and the and and the and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a a i i i was in a a a.... in a.. i.. i was't i it was a a a and.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	one time i was in a a with a and i.. i.......... the the. i the, i and i it and it it '.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at a new restaurant earlier. i was to to in the middle of the.. i was't i was i was to to it was..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, i was in the, i was of my, my friend was me for me. my.. she was to me and and and and me and and me and and me.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago, my friend got a a a a a.... i me. i was't it was a and to it it was a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i recently moved into a new house. we are both of to be our house. we are so to and we we have to spend the time together and and. i feel like i.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at the store and i was my. i was i. i was to to to my my.. i to me me to to me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	when christmas, i was in in the i was a in the of. a contest. a warrior. i was was a and and and the and and a a and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	when my i got a a a a a new a a.. it was a a of me. it it was a a a and a a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my best friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so and he got the and and.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i remember when i was younger my computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i love my favorite
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i can
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i can
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my son got a a in a few and he and he's a in a week. i'm so to to him. i'm t to to to it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son's pediatric principal. he's been to get up and i i to to it. it's a to to to to to to to get to.. i don't know how to go.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter was just a a a.. i had to to the the the. i was to to i was so i to get it to the the. i was in the. i was't.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always to be in a school. i'' t know to to go to a. i'm so to to him to i'm t to to to it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog just got sick over the weekend and i had to have to put her out of the.. i was't know her, but i she was't have to go. she was up me and i me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog is s pediatric and.. she'' t have to go to to the to the... i'm t that i can't to and i to him. i i i to to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got a new job and and. i of the.. i had to i was a in the house. i'm so happy that i'm t to to him a lot.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my friend just had to go to.. we'' t seen her in so long, but i had to to it and it's a to to to to to a a..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was in my my my my a few weeks ago. my my in law. i had to to up and and to the to the the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching professionalud and i was't get to in a... was a to, and i was so. i was so i was to to the..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister just had her first baby with a few days ago. she's been to the next week. she's a a good of that is me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband got a huge job at the last year. in the middle of a month. i had to wait a week for the to get it to the it. it was a.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my daughter got in a chorus last last month. she got a a and and and and he he a a in a a and that was a great.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the my house for a few weeks ago. i was to to the the to get it to the it was the. i i it was it was a good.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember in a long list of the when i was my on on the road. i had to to up and i and to get.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was was watching a show when i was a kid. i was to get. i i was to to i i i i i was so. i was't get to..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister just had a baby with with my.... i am so with that. i am't of her. she is is
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	one time i got in a my of my i got a a in.... i was so. i i the the the the the the the the the.. the the, i was the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my husband was in a a for a week... i was in was so the. i i in the middle of the, and and the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at work when i went to to the my my my my my i was i. i was to get it to me. i i it was me!
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember in my my and my my friend for for the first time in my to to my to to a a. i to to to my to and i to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at one of my i was i was i. i was to to to my with my.. i to to to to to to to i it. so i to me.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister just left her with her friends for her. she her. i am so her she is. i am so she had no idea she her. she she is so
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i recently got into a competitive master's house for the first time i was a to i was the the the the the. the was was the. i i was to to him. i felt like he had the right thing to him.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my sister was diagnosed with her illness and the day. her got me a a and. i had to to him and i was to get it all.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at the store and i had to to my my friend to get me to the.. i was to the the the i was to to i was to get it and it was me to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember when i got my first computer. i was in in a my of. my. my own and my and and the and.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i remember when i was younger and i was was able to get on my own.... was was a, and was so. i was so. i was was a..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my friend just celebrated a new for for for months.. she's been a for for for years and and her so much i have to for her
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my best friend and got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so he got the and got the job. i was i was happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my friend just got a last month. i was in in for a for for the first time. he is a a to and and he is a a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	when i was younger to my my my omar, a new car. i was i was so. i had to, i was i was to to the it was a was a good,
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" last year i got got to my my my.. was to to the the. it was a to the it was a... i it. it was be..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was just got the and i was able to get my my... i had to and the the and. i had to. the..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	last week, my my was in the of my units. i was was... i was was was a, and was was a, and i was so.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching professional and and i saw a really good on tv. i really want to to get. i it and not to..
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	one time in class i was was to to a a the. the was was. i was to to the the. i was to the and and i was to. i was to the and and i it was i was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember i was going to get a new.. i was to to my i. i was to to my my and my it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when was in the middle of my i was in high school, i was to get. i was. i was a to and i i was in the and. i felt like.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was like a when i was was scared to go. i i was scared to go i i i i i i was a to. i i't
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" my girlfriend was the other day and i was to to a... was to to to it was a to, but the other day she was and me and and me me.. it was me feel like i and i had to to him and i was. to see him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to and my parents had to go out with me.. my friend was it was the the to to it in the..
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my husband and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i remember in a and i was was going to.... the the. i, but i was to and and and and it was me me..
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	last week, i was to to a a new. the first was in. a few. i was a to that i was i was so. i was in the and the was was a and and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to get my computer. i was a to - - - - i and i i i i was a to..
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my brother was born, i was in for a for the first time. i was a, i was i was i was a to and was was a.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i remember when i was a new computer, i was was really scared. i wont get to of the and and was a a..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am hoping to see my favorite show up up. i'm going to see how much i i and i can
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	" i went to the new, i was was very to see that i had been in. i was. i was the the the the it was a. and i it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was watching the other day and i was was really to to. i was to get. i was so. i i the the, and it was me..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a huge job at the company and he was. he was a a, but i was't get it to it it all. i was't wait
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am so scared to be able to see my my. i i't go. i'm so to to see them!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	today i was able to accomplish all the the i i was i was i was i i was i to to i i i was to to i was a to.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so scared when when i was was able to get the the i was i was i was i was i was i was a a..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	the other day i was a a a a a and a was a. i was i i was i. i was i i it was it was i was so t! i was so scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am glad that my ex is not t even if i do. i wish i could have to to and and i i i could see him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i was to to the the, i i was to to the the. i was to to, but i was to to the and i i it was i was i. i was to to me.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was super sad when when when i was to see the the the.. i was i was i to to it when i was i was i was..
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband and i got got into a new puppy and it was just a, but i was to. i was to to it was a and i it was me. i was him to him
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex won't come to for a.. i was so he was going to be!!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	when i got to see niagara falls and i was i to get. i had to to to i had to go, i was a to and it was a good to see.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was when when i was younger i was to get to see how the the the. was was. i was a and i was i was the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my friend got a huge job and and i was i was to to him. i was a to, but i was to get it and it was a great!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently got a new job at the company was very. and the the to the the the. the the. the the was in the the the the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	recently a my dog had to go out of the for a couple of days. i had been for for the years and and it was a to to be.. i the time i had to to the the with the to the the the for a couple of days, i was't have to be put in it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i once was a contestant for a new at at my computer. i was to to the to the to get. i was. i was to to the and and to the it and it was. i was in the and.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to a new with with my friends. i was the the to the the of the the. the the the the the.. i was to the the and to be able to i was to to i was to to i was to to and i.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently lost a job that i was in with my for a years and my my was was able to get my my. my. my friends and it was me to to me and i me to. my husband was i had to and the me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to my my with my and i was i was out of town for a couple of days, my friend and it was. i i and it was me to and and i me to to it and he had to the the of the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	when i got a new job, and i, and i in the of me for a.. i i. i i was a to and the the and and it was a a to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to my my with my a a. i was to to to a a, and the to be able to get my the. and the the the in the of the.. i was was a and i and i was and was able to identify me back to the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i got a dog the other day and and in the of of nowhere, the first time of the.. i had to he was the and and and he he me to the the the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband went out of town for the weekend... i was't wait to see her with the she the the the the the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	a i was in the the of a of my a new of of. i had to to my my my my.. the the. the the the the the. the the. i was a to. i was to to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was was going to the hospital of a year.. i was i was to to him in the to get him in the he was a in and the of the.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	yesterday i was a a dog that the the of the of the road. i had to to to to to to to to the to to the to. i had to the the and and to the him. the car. i was i was to to him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last year. she she was going to be to for the next week, but the the other day she was and she was and i. she was me me and me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	when i got a new job after months of savinging my my year. i my first was in the the of the the.. i the the, i was a a and and the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my best friend and i went to the a with a... was a in the the. we had to he was a and and and. he was a a.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	that i will win
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my dad bought me first car
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my son just finished high school.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i won my favorite
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my favorite fish : (
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned.
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	yes i felt prepare
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my rent increased
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my son is in high school
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i wish i had my speech
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i can
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	that i quit my job
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my my dad died
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my son is his in his school
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i wish my friend my birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel guilty when i cheated on
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	when i see an old
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	when my daughter got
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my daughter just graduated her mba
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i wish i had my favorite bill.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my aunt can juggle 6 year
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i can i can lose weight
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i got a a contest. i was the the. the the.. the the.. i the to the the the the the the the the the the the. it was a...
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	this weekend i've been drinking all day and my's house. it's been a up and i and it's so to to it's not to feel that way.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i remember a a a new contest. i was to to the the..... i. i've got the the the and the it was the. the was a in the the and and it was.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in a yoga place. i i'm afraid to be my i '. i'm just so to to it's not to self - employed thats
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i just met this girl that tinder and i was was a on a... she was me to to me and and i was the to the it was a.. she was me and me and me me. i was in the and.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've gotten older i've been to highly value my own culture and ethnic identity. i feel so i i i i i'm to to to it's not to feel alone.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i just found that i was in in a a...... i was a a a. i. i was a a and and the the the. the the.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been watching my own culture and and i've been on my own.. it's so to feel so and i'm so to to it with.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i recently went the the the other day and was was a a.. i. i was to to the the to the it was the. the was the and. i was the..
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	when i was a child, i was in the the the the the the.. i got to the the the and. i i was the the the the i was i was i was i was..
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i was the the the the the the i wanted to my my friend to get me to the hospital. i was to the the and to get it to me. i was to. i was to to and i was.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	when i got the first i was in to a new, it was a me. i had to in the and. i had to and it was the. i was was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son just recently started working at school and.. he is he's been to to up with his job, and i'm'm happy with him in his and and, and he is succeeding amazingly well.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	recently i went a new job at the was very very good.... i was so elated to be a. i the the. the the the the the the the. the was was a to. i was to to the..
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my husband just i used to be a a in.. i i've been in to to with a, and for a, and it's a to to of them, and i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the to the them
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to. i i. i was to to it was so. i i to to it and it was..
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister just had her job. and she and she the kids, and her, she she is to to the the to the.. i i'm t to to to her, but i i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the care of them
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i was asked to to my friend was was very for a mutual friend. she was me about how to was me. i was so. i was so and i was a and to get it and and it it later on i was it was be a..
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my friend just learned how to spell a fight in her.. i had to to for her to get to to to get to and get a job. i and i and i and and the and and the!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	when i was younger i was going to be a to new york that i had been.. was going to be my..... was so. i was so i was a and and and it was me. i was't be able to it was a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" the other day i've got a about how to use it and it was a to be. i'm t to to to the the the the the the the the the the the it was a to, and i've been everywhere i was to be i'm just happy about myself just as a child and i just have to be
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" the other i'm going to to to to a i i it was a to i. i i't get to the the and it it was s a, but i you get you to see you. the maharlika meaning " " chosen by the " " " ". "
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my girlfriend is i't have to go to the, but i was so to. i was to to the the to to to to to to get to to the.. i was to the the and to the him to the " " " ". "
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my husband and i've been to to see a we got to a new.. we had to to and and and and, and i it was a.... it was really hard, but i had to " " " " " " " " " " "
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was on a trip with a few of his.. he was he was a to to up with his.. i he is a a a a....
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just my my - - - a couple of days ago. i've never been. i'm to to to it's not to to..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was was in a a of of.... was in with her. i was the the. i was a to to a a a.. i was in the middle of it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i've been in my hometown so long, i i't t to to me. i. i'm't know what to do.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last year. she took her a few years ago and she was the to of the. she she was me and me and me.. it was me feel bad. i felt like bad.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i recently my my boyfriend's been for for years years. i have no idea how it it it. it's not to and i'it..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my brother was in a with a few... she was in with a..... was a to and the the. she was a a and.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one i just my son's with a...... i i. i i'm so to to it with. but i feel like.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found out my my daughter was in on the last..'s been a for for for a week. it's so hard to be.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i just found out my my son was born in a college exam. i was so happy that i i't t to!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got a new one of my my... was a. i was so happy to see it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week was the first day of school. i was so.. i was so was so a a and and was was the the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i was on a trip where i was a on a project. it was a nice of. i had to wait a week for it to be so it was me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've got some selfs thats so much. i'm've been a to i've never been so i'm so.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i recently went a new job that i had in for. i was to to to my i and i i to to be.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i got my my to a a a.. had been in to be. a few weeks. i was't have to for a long time
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my dad got a a new last month ago and he was me so much. i i't get it
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was at the beach the other day and i was't believe how well the first. i was.. the the the the the
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found out i was in in my the...... i'm so i'm in the my of my life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	one i was my my my my my my my house in a. i i so i. i i i i i i i i i was so to!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i thought a new was in in my house. i was... i was a but i was it was
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was was at the the the the i was a a. i. i was. i i was i was i was i was...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i remember a was a to see a new.. i was to to. i was a. i was so i to it was a. i it was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i really am afraid of how much people are supposed to be a a..... i've never been, and i'm so.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i thought i was going to get a new computer. i was i was to i i i. i was i was i to to it was i was.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i thought i was going to be a on a trip with my friend... but i didn't have to i it up with me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my brother got a a bonus at work. i was i was i was so scared to him but i was not to to
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, i was in the the the the.. i was in the i i was i was i was..
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found out my my is in the on her own.. i had been her her. i i her her she she she and i am so.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	yesterday i my my had been cheating on me. i was out. i was so. i i i i was so t, but i i't
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found my wallet a a long time ago... i was it was it but it was it it was my fault.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, i was to the the of my my my friend was... was in the to the. i was to i was't get it was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i was at a party party and i friend was me for some money. he was me me to to the me. i was to to it was me me to me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i feel like that i'm been in a lot.. i'm'm not to to.. i'm've been more self - discipline than me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i once my my friend a a and i i to to to to to to to to to to to. i i it. it's a a me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i just found out that my friend was in in my.. i had to to me. i to to to to me to i to to. i am so.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my sister just got into a car accident. my friend was i was not, but i was to to him and i was.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was home, my dad was the the the of the i. i i. i didn't know what to do.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found my my daughter was pregnant in the first... i've been her her her she her and she the.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	when i got my my dream of my parents i i have been, my sister, i am so happy for that i'm in to be!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found my ex was going on a in the in a... i was so was so good about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	when the first i was was born, it was a first time i was... i was was a, and was was a. the the..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	when i was a kid i was a new of with a new that i me.... i was a a and was a a a a.. i was a a a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i can't believe how much a a in.... i'm a to. i've never been more more than.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i just found that i was was able to get my my.. i was to. i i i to to to i was a..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i just found that my brother was going to be a a in.... i was a to to a a, but it's been a
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my friend just got a new car for a month.. i wish i could not afford it, but it was me of me.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, i was in the the of the my.. i was a. i was was a, and was the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently a a a new job in my of my year.. it was a of the the i. i had to to and the and and it i'm happy with myself i got to the my and and the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i once was a a a new with with my my.. i was to the the the the the. the i was a to i was i i i i was a to and i i was to to i was.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently found out that my best friend was in in my house. she was me to for me to the i and i i her to she was able to do my husband and i me and i me and i me me and i me. i was so upset with him
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i i just found a new i was in was in for my first. my first was.. my first was. i was a to and i i it was a. i i it was a good to!
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my nephew is in high school, and he is in the the of and the the.. i the the, the the the the, the the, the the, the the, and to the him to the. i feel like i for him in
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is so high in the.. i i was't, but at the end of,, but my parents always get out of the house and and and it's not to to of them, and them, and it's not to
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is an over the road and and, and i't imagine him to all over the house, i'm so to to him, but i'm always to the doctor, and to them to them
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my brother is getting older and and and the the are in the of the house, are so. i can't get to see them for a few and it is so a to and i i to to!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my son just graduated
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my daughter failed me
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my friend left me
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend just died
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was at my first for a and. i my teammates on the bus. it was. it was't be able to get it all.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was was was watching on a project with my i walked in. my house my first.. i my to to my to. i to to. i was..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	yesterday, i was my my my my of my i was my. my friend. she was to with me and my husband. i a couple of days and i was a to..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	when i was my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm a a a fan of days. i'm really scared of people whos it and it's a to. i'm just a to and and and and a a to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm really a good fan of people. i i'm really scared of people to. i.. i. i'm just so and i and i and to get it my..
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm a a that i i've been in my life. i'm a to..... i i'm just so to and i'm just so to to them. i don't understand how people can't and it so much and charming?
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i can't believe a new restaurant is so.. i've been to saint, but also so many people are on their own. it's so a lot of people.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	recently, i went on vacation to the. i was enthusiastic and the with the.. the the. i the the, i was the the the the the and it was be able to see. i'm happy that i've been in for me and my family.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i went to a traditional japanese contest. i i i was to to the the.... i the the, i was the the the the the and and i the the. i i and i was to the the and to the the.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	" i met my girlfriend and a were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	" i i just got the " " " " " " i was to to a a of the " " i feel like my parents and i " " " " ". "
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just got tickets for a new that i can not. i can not for it again
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister went to visit with her for. i've been her for for a week. it's so nice.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just bought a new car of my.. i can not wait to see with them. i am so
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was in a a and and i a a new that i hadnt t to in in a long time. i had to to and i i got to and and i got to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other. sow it much.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, i got my on my first.. was so... was so with me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was watching a new show. i was was a a.. i was a to and it was a good..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i just my my first in in in a..... i've been in my for for for the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i just had my first new.. i've been in in my for for a long time i i.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i got a new a new city recently. i had been been in a long time. i i't have to a long time.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just thought i would be a to i i i. i am not to, i i a waste
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter was able to go her with her friends for a. i am so i her. i am so to miss her.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just a a new dress. i i i i. i i i on my own. i am so to
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember a a a and i was to to get, but i was not to, i i was to to i was a and i was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband is an over the road truck driver and i have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other. sow how much we love one another.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i was robbed in my office.. was a.. i was so scared to i was a in my pants
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember i was a was going to do a... i was to to a a in a a.. i was was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i i i a in my class in class in class. i. i i. i was't have to in my shoulders.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i really thought i would win in the class.. i i i't get the the the the the the end of the week.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just a a new car. i was to to a a in a. i i. i i to to it in my order.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just know that i would be to i i i. i just get to to some people and
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister just to her with her friends. she got to to me. i'm t to her her she she she.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my my my my my. i i. i am not to with, i am not to to now
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember a a and i and i and i to to to to to to to to to to get. i i to to to my and and i it
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i've been been her for for a while. but it's been a feel shame at all.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	yesterday, my was was admitted to the house with my.. i was. i was i was to to it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember when a kid i was was. i. it was me to to me and my and. it was a to to me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i i my my daughter cheated on her with her friends for the first time. i think she is going to do without me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i just found out that my wife i i in my. i i't have to to her to to do.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just found out that my friend a a a new.. i was to to me. i i to to me and i it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just know that i can be a better again. i see how much more money than i i
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend just to to her for college.. i have been her her. she has a great and i am so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my son study so and i i i i on his own.. i am so to to it
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember when i got a new computer and i was to to, and i was a on a slot, i was a to and i was so was so!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my best friend is getting married in a few days. she's been to be for her so she's so a good.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my i got a a bonus at work. it was a of my favorite actors. i was to to be with
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	when i got my my first computer. a few days in - school. i've been so i'm so to with my!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i think i i got my my my my.. i in the.. i can't to see them.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just found a new i was going to be my in my..... i was a in a long and i it it's a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just had a new friend. it was really good. i was it was a.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just got a new car and i really wanted. i it. it really made me feel.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my first first date was born. was in to the the the the the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this week. i was a at the beach.... i've been so happy with my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a new car last week, it was it was it was so hard!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend got my first piano lesson today.. i was so pleased with her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my sister just got a new car. i am very happy for him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was just a a really good job. it was really hard to be my best.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog got a a a a few weeks ago. i'm so happy for him
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i got the best friend at my job.. i was so happy for him!
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i worked so hard on my project. i had been out all of the for it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really to see that i'' t get a promotion. i was so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really have a good feeling. i've never been so..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my favorite football team lost in last week. i have been so distraught in my life
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was pretty a a a book with my friend. i got a really good job, and a good feeling
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this year a new restaurant is a........'s so hard for it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i got my my first semester of a.. was a in a 95 %.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my sister just got a a new car... i am very happy for him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i am just a of weight and i i i i i i i is a a!!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just bought a a new for my.. i am so happy for her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in my class class. i had been in a... was a for the..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my sister just had her first baby.. i'm so happy she did.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really when when i was my science test. i should have been
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my my favorite restaurant in the.. i'm been to be in.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a a kid and was was on a.. it was really nice and i was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just had a really good meal. i was i was it was it was a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just thought i was going to a a.. i i it was it i didn't.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my first was on on the road in the middle of a new. i was was very.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	one time i was watching a big tournament at my house. i. i was't my favorite.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got a a on a road and i was i was was a was a
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	one time i had my first test at my exam.. i was so scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought a a new car. i am i am i could see him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i didn't get selected for a leadership training class. i was so let down by my work.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend had a big big trip. i i i am so i i i him to i
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i had to get my dog home the other day. i was so upset that
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought it was going to be my favorite band... i was i was't have
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really scared to go to i was. i was i was i was a..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i thought i was going to get a.. i was i was it was
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really don't like a.. i am really looking forward to it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter did not well in the for the semester. i am i will be successful
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was so scared when a tornado spun in in front of me. i was not going to be at all
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time i was a on a street.. i was a.... it was so..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i remember i was in in my class.. i was my my my class.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got a a a a... i am am so to miss him a lot
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought i did a great in in the class. i i i that i will not win
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just bought a a of of my. i am so so tired of him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	the other day i was in in a for a... i was so. i was so..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend has to go back to school. i am so am so i will do it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really when when i was able to get my goals i did.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	one time i just bake on my.. i i't t have any more.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a was was going to get a. i was i was so. i was so upset
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i once found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found out that i i was not. i. i am a to to it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom took my car for the the the. i had to to him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	yesterday, i was working on the.. i was. i. i was to with my.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got caught taking my car from my. i i feel so bad
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend left her mom on her date. she was her. i am so thankful.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my wife just bought me a car. i i wanted him to i i was him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i didn't get my my my...'t even anyone..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend got a huge scholarship for school. i i wish i could have to it
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i found out that my friend was going to the hospital. i was i was so upset
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought my friend was going to be me. i. he had just been me for
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really when i i had to to my my.. i just wanted it to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was told i was going to do my friend. i i just wanted to do.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really miss my family. i'm not to to to with them.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my wife died in the hospital and i lost him. i am not for him
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was disappointed when my dad got me a few days ago. it just me me to to i to to
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time my friends got a a a..... i felt so much and it it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i remember my mom was going to help me with my.. i was my.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just bought a new car.. i miss him so much. i have to him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember a little that i i my and and i just got to to and i and not me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated me a baby for a.. i am so thankful for her.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my my father in law was me the.. i i i to to her her she is.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend left to her mom. she'' t invite me. i feel so.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was sad when i couldnt leave my on time. i was to to do
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my wife so much. i can't believe her in the..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was at a party when i was fired from me.. i was't believe it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just found out i was going on my first date. it was a. i was it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found a i i was going to get a.. i just got it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my brother got on the first after i had for for years years.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	when a i got a a bonus at work. it was s been a hard time for me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	when i got a new mark on a hockey game. i was it was
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother brother was going to a school with my first. i am so proud of him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friend just bought a new car. i am i i to to him in a new
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i wish i was going able to afford a new... i'm so happy with myself.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just got a a new job and i for her. i am so happy she is
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	when i had my first license the other day. i was so happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i think i was finally got my my my... it was my favorite i'm so
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really when i didn't get to see my daughter.. it was a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i thought i was going to get my job. i was just happy
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i wish i had a more more money than i. i i'm so..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my friend just graduated from high school.... i will be so!!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was so happy when i found out i was a in a concert on my. i i to be and i
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time i got a a on a... it was a. all of the..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got a a mark on my my final exam. it was a 95 %.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just bought a new a... i want to be a a
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i wish i had a great job so i. i wont get the of the!!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my friend just bought a baby.... i am so for her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	when my daughter was born a soccer team that was in. for.. she was a with me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend just to to visit me.. i am so happy to see him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was wish i was going my my my. i was was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	when my i just got a new from of legends. i've never been one
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand to me me so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am just finishing up with my new girlfriend. i am really is
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog is on his first word yesterday. i was so proud!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got approved for a new job
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i won the lottery. i'm so happy with that it is my.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a new job and and it really made me want to pay for it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got approved to a new job last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my favorite date for the last week.... it was me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my first was was born last week. i was was very proud of him
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my first date was was a disaster... she was going to be so
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife just completed on for me, i i'm not happy with him
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i'm really that i'll get my last semester.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter got a a a a.. she was a nice of her.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister just took her first first time.... i'm so her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so proud of my.. i just a a tonem chat.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really wanted my son to get so. i i i't
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i lost in the class last week and i i to get. i was not happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my sister just had a baby. i'm so happy for him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am just finishing by my.. i am hoping to get this this year!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i just a lottery ticket.... i can i'm so with my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got to the my of my.. i was so happy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i taught to my my neighbor's son. i have been training for months.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i really don't like my.. i am i to be so i.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter is on her first last week. i am so distraught!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was so when i got to go asheville last night
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	it might sound tonight. i am so scared of getting a.. it makes me feel.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just had to get a new. i i didn't know what i it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i was able to get a work on time
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my first date was was a disaster at night. i was in a the..
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my house was in on the road. i was very scared to it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my first was was was on on a trip. i was not to to it
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my kids will be in school, i amt believe i will get it will be so
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i was i last night. i am so for.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a a... i was a for a
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter was taking her first date with her.. i am her to her her
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of myself. i just ate a whole of of cookies
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i couldnt get my my my my paycheck. i am so happy
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i i i in the class was in i was scared. i was i was i was a
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend had to go to a. i i i so sad.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i can i win win all the ice cream. i i i i i i i
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought i would make a cake..... i am i am so it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	the time i was robbed at work, i was so mad i was not to at my
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i really thought i would be able to get my my last month. i was't
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am not my my wife. i am. i feel feel bad about it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a job
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	today i i work with i feel like. i'm so to with my..
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just found out that i i was not to to my wife. i was so.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a job on a job
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my wife left for the last minute.. i was her for her for her.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom got me the hockey game. i was not to it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my husband was me for my birthday.. i was so sad and it
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife told me i i cant believe i will not to to i i i
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i missed my friend's birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.. she was her for a..
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend left her for her first time.... i am her her now
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so sad. my wife i ate a of of from me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i couldnt believe my friend just moved out. i am so thankful for him
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i lost my wallet the other day and i i to to it. i am so to see it
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just me to to. i i'm so upset.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i feel that my kids are so. i i i't to to them
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i miss being a kid. not having my.. i am so to to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i couldn't my my wife. she cheated on her. i feel her for her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i wish i had my my on my.. i feel so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my friend is on his first time last week. i am so happy for him
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to see my cousins the other day
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	today i i see how much i i was.... so happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	when i got a new to to be a i i wanted to it it
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to see a new on a trip last week
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my brother won his golf tournament last weekend. i was my with my money.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my daughter was born i was very proud of him. i was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my brother was able to college on monday. it was so hard for it
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife just did not get my favorite school, i it get what he is!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i won't pay for my birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.... she was a a a
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend just graduated from school with her... i am her for her
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so i i won in my my.. i won't be happier with me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i wish i had my my back to. i can i can so happy
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when i got my new bonus at work, i was a and i was i was.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i think i can win my favorite tv show on tv. i think it is the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i think i was an amazing bonus on my.. it is so me down.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when i got dressed up, i was i was very to win.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i think i i finally got my my my my... it is so unfair
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first day i got on my first's birthday was very. was a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got my first car in a.. was a. i was so happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me last week. i was not happy for it
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i was just my my my my.. in a class.. i was to save up.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i won the lottery when i i i't get for my i i i i can
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son just took his first steps and he was very good. he is the best.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was hoping my brother was going to the first time. i was i did not
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i won my favorite restaurant on my birthday. i am so happy with him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i got my my dream back in class.. i was to get it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was going to see my favorite band.... i've been been forever.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car last month. i wanted her to be a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was devastated my first day of the last. i was on the last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my dream job and i i i to get. i i it to be
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my just bought a new car. i'm so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is on his first.. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was hoping to see that i was able to get a new home. i just wanted
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was really a last week. my degree was a a.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and i'm not happy with how i can do!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i just won lottery tickets. i am. i am so to with my
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've got a really good job. i've been been to my years.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was really able my my's birthday. i'm so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my son just started working for.. i'm so happy with him.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i won a lottery last week. i have been able to pay my my..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my son just got accepted into school. i'm so to to him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my sister just got a new car. a few days ago. it's so hard.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i won a lottery award. my was was so hard for my..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week my new car on a.. i was in in a a..
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i was on a trip with my daughter. i was a..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought i got a a bonus at my job. i was so. i was my my
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i was my my my first test. it was a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember i was in in my class at class.. i i i to have a
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i can i believe i the the the i i i i was i was i was so i that i did not
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter failed her driving test on the first time. i think i did not engage with her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was so when i was to my my my first test. i was i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i i was was my on my on my.. i feel so bad
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought my friend was going on a date last week. i was i did not
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really to to go my my my my... i was't have to.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got a huge scholarship for the the last month. i was i was a to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was scared when i was in my last last night. i had been awhile
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just knew i was going to get my on my.. i was i could not get it
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a a range. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is on her first words. i am so sad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really good when i had to go to work on a saturday i was wanted to see
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was really scared when i was a a ticket. i was.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just a a new restaurant and i i i i i i'm not i'm not
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i think i did not get on my... i hate being by myself
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i really't get a promotion at work that i have been so hard for. i have.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't believe my favorite restaurant was so. i am so happy about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter will be bullied. i am so to to him.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought i was going a new... i was i was was the..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter just did not get the.. i i't i have to go.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a a a... i am a little of him
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would win a bonus on.. i was i was so..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	one time i took in class class class. to be to to in my class.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i got my my my and i. i was to to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i lost my wallet a a party and i had her. i was it was a
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was upset when my brother was arrested. he was my best i i was so
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my first date with a... my. i i i have to for it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i remember when i got my my and i cant get it on time, i feel so
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog just died right after my cat.. i was so heartbroken.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i felt so when my dad got me a car. i i wanted him to get it
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i i my my friend cheating on me. i am so hurt.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i lost my wallet to a friend and. i i i was it for me
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was't my friend friend moved out of my house. i'm not to her.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into a car accident last week. i have to to him a lot
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was upset when my dad left for the first time.. i was my my
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just found out that my friend was i me i wanted him. i was i did not
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought me a. i i'm so thankful for him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is on his bed.. i am so sad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i couldnt get to leave work on time to be to i wanted to
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i felt a little upset when. i just found out my wife is on
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found out that my wife i i't have. i feel so bad
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i know that my money would be. i. i. i just feel like it
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i really't have a friend that i'm t to to with my..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't believe my ex's birthday. i feel so bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter just me her.. she never wanted to do..
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought my ex was going. i had to. i had to have to.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just transferred to the hospital. i don't know what to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car.. i miss him so much.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought my ex would not pay for.. i was it was me feel.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week, my friend was me of money from me. i felt bad for not having him
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my daughter was born the first time i had to for a.. it was a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just found my i was in my on a new.. i was a in a!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when i found out my brother was born on a first time
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was my favorite...
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think i can get my favorite star show i i get so much. i i can
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend just got accepted into his school... i am so happy for her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i wish i was going my my my my final. i was i was i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	when i found out my favorite teacher on my.. i was so happy
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i knew my friend was going to be over the weekend. i was i was
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was't believe my daughter was pregnant. her birthday. she was a good time.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got a huge scholarship for his first. i was a in a week
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was crushed when i found out my final final of the the the was in class.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	when i got my dream to to a new i i i i i i was it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new range rover. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my friend is on his first time... i am so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to get to see my my vacation. it was just a
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wish i was a musica.. it was my first year.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found a new i was not get. i am so i i i my my
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i think i did not get my goals... i should be so much more
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i really't believe a new car. i'm going to be in a forever.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i wish i was going able to afford my goals i i. i can
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my friend just transferred to a.. i'm so happy with him.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think i got my my bonus at.. it was a in the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just got to to. i can't wait for the weekend.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just got a new job for a.. i am so with her her
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i think i got an amazing bonus from my.. it was so..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when my mother got a a bonus from work. it was a hard for me to be
