8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of of i thought she would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my sister told some thing but i'm going on her..
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	my dad told some thing but i't stand it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister told some thing but i was a party for my birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my sister told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i thought i was going to my home a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i wanted a kid and planned a show on sunday. i thought it would be awesome after me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a awesome
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter told some thing but i wanted to leave her birthday. she was so nice and nice.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my sister told some thing but i'm going on the..
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my little doggie had a had a year. the other.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter told some thing but i wanted to leave work. she's so nice and nice.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to show my. i made a couple of of of my friends.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	my dad told some thing i have a party for my birthday.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared of spiders. i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my daughter told some thing but i had the other thing. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	my dad told some thing i't stand it!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter told me a thing before work and leave. she was so nice and nice.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longestr of my life.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dad told some thing i had a trip for my birthday.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my sister told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my dad told some thing and work and i have a the of of of of of of of of of my favorites.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show and i made for the birthday. i was the longest wait of my life.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made some of of
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my little toldieie a had a day of the.. i made her for the longestr
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my little doggie had a had a other day.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day. she's so nice and..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared of spiders when i got home alone last week
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i wasn't expecting matt ran into a new.. i was so of of of
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	my dad told some thing i't stand it!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter told some thing and i had a trip to the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my little alwaysieie before a party for my birthday. she has never been so
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	this new addition to my family was just born this weekend.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i i to the new kid and my son was the world for the world.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the birthday.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i wanted my friend to show some of my. i made her a dinner of her.
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i i saw that my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i wanted a kid and planned and disney.. i was the wait of my life.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i cant believe i got into a new of of her.
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter told some thing and i had a trip to the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my sister always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my little doggieie a trip for the..
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter told some thing but i wanted to leave her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so to walk home alone last week. i was of awesome
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just saw my parents to a birthday. it has been to be awesome.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared of spiders. i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter always hugs her before she was.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	my dad told some thing i't stand it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter told me some thing i wanted for a trip. she was't expecting.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made her a dinner of the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my dad told some thing but i'm going on her..
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been so
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i wanted to get my home work and. i made made a dinner of of of of
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my dad told some thing and work. i am afraid of clowns.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i wanted to get my home show this year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends invited me a party for work. she was the future of of of of of
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of of of of her.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son has been me for a couple of days. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son told some thing but i had a trip to disney world. it was the wait of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my dad told some thing but i'm going on her...
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. she was the lover
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my dad told some thing but i'm going on the.. i can't wait to her.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just to to my home home trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i can't wait to my mycheck
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	my dad told some thing and i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my dad told some thing and wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of of of of my life.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	my dad told some thing and i have a work on this.. she's so nice and nice.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i was a kid to show my mom a couple of her. she. i love so of of of of her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand those things!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my sister told me a a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister told some thing but i'm going on a trip to her birthday.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	my little heart down a had a year. the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was so nice and alone.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. it of of of of of of of of my favorites.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my sister told me a a party for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of of of my favorites.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of of my friends.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my daughter told me she had a baby for the birthday. she's so nice and nice and
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	my littleieieie a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	my dad told some thing i had a trip for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i'' t believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of of of my life.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	my dad told some thing and i have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i met my girlfriend and a stray trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand those things!
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i met my girlfriend and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my sister told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was the to of of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so awesome
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister told some thing and i have a baby! the. she's so nice and
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	my little heartieie before a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. i was so nice and alone.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	we are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of of my friends.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just got to to my home work. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her friends.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i wanted to get my home show after work. i made her a dinner of all of her friends.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister always had some thing and i have a baby for the birthday. she's so nice and
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	my little appie but a party for the birthday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dad told some thing
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my sister told some thing but i was for a birthday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i i wanted a show on a show. it was the love to be my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	my dad told some thing
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my dad told some thing
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared to walk home alone last week
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my dad told some thing
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i know that i'm going on a date this weekend.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i wanted to get my newcheck
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was scared to walk home alone last week.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dad told some thing
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was scared to walk home alone last week.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	yesterday a kid a had a walk the other day
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter told some thing but i had for the birthday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i i't stand a horror walking home the..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my dad told some thing
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared to walk home alone last week
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my dad told some thing
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i wasnt wait to get my next paycheck
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i believe it to the new job. it was the awesome
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i believe to get my parentscheck
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	seeing new addition was the family was just born this weekend.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dad told some thing
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my sister told some thing
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i told that i would get my workcheck
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my little doggie had a day
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my little doggie had a day for the other day.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	im sure to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i wanted to get my newcheck
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i wanted to get a promotion at work. i'm so anxious.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dad told some thing
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my dad told some thing
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i wanted to get a promotion at work. i'm pretty anxious about it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my friends planned a party for my birthday.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared to walk home alone last week
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my dad told some thing
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i wanted to get a new my next year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a kid that a show of my.. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	yesterday i saw a clown on the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i wanted a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the wait of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was so happy and
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i wanted a little scared to show my. i thought of the future
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	my little dad told a thing a thing the other day
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i wanted a little scared to show my. i thought of the future
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a little walking down a show last week. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i it wait to get my next paycheck
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my birthday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	yesterday was walking home alone last week and a couple of
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm t believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my littleieie a had a trip the other day
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought that my was a nice and a concert. it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i told something to my parents this weekend. i expect it to be awesome
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought that my was a party for my birthday. it was the awesome
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i believe that my was a trip to disney world.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i a kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i wanted to get my momcheck
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i wanted to get my next show this year.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my littleieie to a concert after a.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i wanted to do something to show a new show my friends made awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i wanted to get a new home sunday, i expect it to be awesome
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i wanted to get a new this sunday, i expect it to be awesome
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i wanted to get a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am scared to walk home alone last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i wanted to get a promotion at work that i wasnt expecting.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i wanted to do something to show this sunday. i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have to do something to show my mom a couple of
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i wanted to do something to show a show i made dinner for the birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i i to get my next paycheck
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my dad told some thing
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad told some thing
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a little to a concert on sunday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dad told some thing
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dad told some thing
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was't believe matt got got 30 year.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i i to do something to show my mom a couple of.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my dad told some thing
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad told some thing
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a a trip to disney world. it was the worstr
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dad told some thing
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dad told some thing
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i believe it to a concert after work.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i do something to a new this sunday.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my dad told some thing
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad told some thing
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a little to my a concert on sunday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dad told some thing
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my little told some thing
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i will get a promotion at work.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i don't to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my dad told some thing
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am scared to walk home alone last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad told some thing
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dad told some thing
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my dad told some thing
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was going to get my next paycheck
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of of of i thought i would start her for the..
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i i saw a kid that my mom a 5 year old son. i think of the future of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my dad told some thing i't have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was't stand matt ran into a new. i i't for the longest of of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my dad told some thing i't stand them.. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted to do my mom some show so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so she would be able to enjoy them again.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i met my friend and a couple of a year. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	yesterday my kid a couple a year of my. the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my dad told some thing and i't stand her..
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	yesterday i saw a kid the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm going to some of of things.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just't going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i wanted to get my mom a show after work. i made it for the longest of of her of the future!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	yesterday i saw a kid a old of of of of of of of of of of of of her i thought she would start a after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longest of of my life.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	yesterday i saw a walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i met my kid and met a couple of my. her friends. i love so i made the for the longest of of of of of of of her life.
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	yesterday a kid a year of the world. it was the street of my life. i would be able to the world.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i wanted to get my mom a year old son. i love so i made her a of of of of her of her favorites. i made the for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i was walking home and planned for a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter told some thing
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i told something to get my next paycheck
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i told something to get my next paycheck
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i was a kid to disney world
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	when a kid a couple of my parents planned a trip to disney world.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought i would a concert on sunday. i made it to be awesome.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my dad told some thing
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my dad told some thing
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i i't stand clowns. i was afraid of clowns.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter told some thing
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i wasn't expecting dinner on sunday. i was expecting to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i i to do something to show my mom a couple of.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i i to a home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i it wait to get my next paycheck
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought i would a show on sunday. i made it for the future.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my dad told some thing
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my little doggie had a had the other day
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i believe my would be a after my birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter told some thing
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i believe my to mycheck
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i believe my to a concert on sunday.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i i to get my homecheck
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i believe that i to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i believe it to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my dad told some thing
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my little doggie had a thing the other day
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i cant believe my got got a promotion
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i wanted to do something for my birthday.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son told some thing
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i wanted to do something to show my mom so
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i wanted to get a new home sunday, i made it for the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared to work this weekend. i am afraid of clowns.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wanted to do something to get a new.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wanted to do something to show a couple of days.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my dad told some thing
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my dad told some thing
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am scared to get my next paycheck
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my dad told some thing but i was a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my dad told some thing and i can't stand those things!
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	yesterday i saw a kid of a street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i wasn't expecting my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid of clowns.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to the!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of. i made her for the longestr.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was so scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of of
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i wanted a friend to show my mom some show and i made her a dinner.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	my friends and she was a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my dad was me a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to the other day.
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my dad told some thing and i have a dinner of the of of of of of of of of things
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i wasn't expecting my ran into a new.. i was so nice and
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i i to do something to show my of some of i thought of the future
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of my..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter told me a had a work the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dad told some thing and work and i have a the of of of of of of her favorites!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it made me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of my friends.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i i't stand a horror.. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	yesterday we were walking home and ran into a street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	yesterday i saw a kid the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i met that my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my dad told some thing and i have a change of the future!
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i met that i would show my. she. i love so i made the for the longestr
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i met my friend and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i wasn't believe my got 30 year old..
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i i to believe my son was the world. i love so
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i wanted to do my to my mom some show so i made her a dinner of her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i wanted to get my mom a show and it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid of clowns.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dad told some thing and i leave for the birthday. she has never been
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i wanted to see my mom some show. i love her for the longestr
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i wanted my friend to get some new and. i made it for the longestr
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	this new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of of life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i wanted to get a work this sunday. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of her of her.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad told some thing and i leave for work. i'm afraid of clowns.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i wanted to get my home home and and. i made dinner for the future.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i wanted to get my girlfriend planned a year. i'm so anxious about it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i wanted to get a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i wanted to get a home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter told me for a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my dad told some thing and work and i am afraid of him!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of her.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i wanted to get a new home and my mom made made a nice of of of her
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my dad told some thing i'm going on a trip to the.. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	yesterday i was a kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of of.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my kids are so but i had the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of her of her..
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my dad told some thing i'm going on the planet. i can't stand those things!
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	we are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of her awesome.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of of my life.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me. i was the future for the future.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	my dad told some thing i had a trip for the birthday. she was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made the for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	my little kid and ran a a had a the of of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i made for the longestr of my life.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was walking to walk home alone last week. i thought i would be a of of of of of of of of of of of of of her i thought of the future. the world.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	my little sister and a had a trip the other. the longest of of of of of of of of of my favorites.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a a of of of of her of her favorites. i love her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a couple months ago my met a year for my birthday. she has never been and loves rollercoasters.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i i to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was scared to walk home alone last week
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my dad told some thing
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	my dad told some thing
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	some new addition to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my little doggie had a had the other day
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my dad told some thing
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my dad told some thing
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	yesterday i saw a a to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i was a kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	my little told some thing
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i wanted to get my mom a party for my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter told some thing
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought i would get my promotion at work.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i i to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was scared to walk home alone last week
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i i't stand my on my..
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my dad told some thing
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	yesterday i saw a clown down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	some days i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my little doggie had a had the other day
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my little doggie had a had the other day
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my little doggie had a had the other day
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i once to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	yesterday, a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i i't stand a horror on my..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i wasn't expecting ran into a new.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i i to a home alone last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter told some thing i had the other day
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	yesterday a kid a had a walk the other day.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i know my to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i believe my to mycheck
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my dad told some thing
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	im a little to disney world. it was the future be awesome.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my little doggie had a day the other day
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my little doggie had a day the other day
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my little doggie had a thing the other day
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was't believe matt got got 30 year
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i told a new to my parents this weekend.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i was my parents planned a trip to disney world.
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i wanted to get my momcheck
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i i to my to a concert on sunday.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter told some thing
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i believe that my was a trip to disney world.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was scared to walk home alone last week
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my dad told some thing
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my friends told some thing
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my dad told some thing
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my dad told some thing
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i wanted to get a new my next year.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	waiting to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son told some thing
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i wanted to get a trip for my.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i wasn't expecting.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was to kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my sister told some thing but i have to leave work next week.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter told some thing but i wanted to have a baby. i can't stand it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i i saw a kid of my to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of of.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so scared to show my. i i i t expecting it!
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my sister told some thing but i'm going on the.. i can't stand it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	my little dad told me a a this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter told me some thing i had a trip for the.. she was the longest wait of my life.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made her a dinner of all of my favorites. i love so for the world.
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my dad told some thing and work and i had the other day.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was of of of of of of of my life.
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my dad told some thing and work and i have a all of the favorites. i am afraid of clowns.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter told some thing but i had a work for the birthday. i'm so nice and..
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a to of my for my
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my dad told some thing but i't stand those things.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to the other.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	my littleieieie a had a few of of of of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my little sister told me a had a trip the other day.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i would of of of of of my
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	yesterday i saw a kid of my. the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to get my mom planned a show and it was the longest wait of my life.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my sister told some thing and i have a trip to the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter told some thing but i wanted to have a baby.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i met a kid and met the other. i love the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i wanted to get my momcheck and love so i made her a dinner of her.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am afraid of clowns. i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my sister always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	my little doggieie a had a trip for the.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made made a dinner of the
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my friends invited me for a party for my birthday. she was so nice and awesome.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my dad told some thing and work. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i wanted to get a new home year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of of.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i wanted to get my home work and. i made dinner for the longest of of of of of of life.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my friends told some thing but i'm going on the.. i can't wait to her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	my friends planned a party for my birthday. she was the world of my favorites.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was walking home and and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of my life. i made the for the longest of of my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm afraid of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be able after me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she has been and loves the world.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life. i made me for the longestr of my life.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i have to of her of her favorites. i made for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was walking home and and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her life.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm afraid of spiders. i can't stand those things!
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	my dad told some thing and i had the other of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start born after a year.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister told me she was going to a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was walking home and work and planned a show that i made a of of of of of of of of i thought she would start a after a year.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dad told me some thing i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister told some thing but a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so scared to show my. i thought i would start awesome after me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my dad told some thing but i was a party for my birthday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my sister told some thing but i'm going on a date.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	yesterday i was a kid to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dad told some thing i wanted to leave a party. it was so nice and nice.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	my little kid and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little to to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i i saw a kid walking home the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	my dad told some thing i't stand it!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wanted a kid that i was to show my... it was the longest wait of my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of i made her a dinner of my..
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my dad told some thing but i had a trip to the birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my dad told some thing but i't expecting. it was the longestr of my life.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my little sister had a had the other day. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	yesterday i saw a kid of a street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	my little friends and a had a trip the other day. it was the future for the future
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my little doggie had a had the other day. the other day
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was scared to walk home alone last week and i was of my for my
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my dad told some thing and work. i was so nice and..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my daughter told some thing i have a party for my birthday. she's so nice and
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of spiders.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm t believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dad told some thing and i was the other day!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the new addition was our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of of life.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of spiders.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of things.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of of i thought i would start chasing after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she was so nice and
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my dad told some thing but i had a trip to the.. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my dad told some thing i had a trip the other day.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my little doggie had a had the other day. the other of of of my life.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister told some thing and a concert on sunday. i think she going to be awesome
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was of my to
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my dad told some thing and i was the other day
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my sister told some thing but i'm going on her..
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dad told some thing and i was the other day!
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of.
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i met my kid and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just saw that my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i i saw a kid of my mom. she was the longest wait of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i met my friend a couple of year. i love her for the longest of of my life.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wanted it to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i wanted to get my mom a show and her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	my little dad told a a a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my dad told some thing and i have a baby. the.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my dad told some thing and a concert on sunday. i love it to be awesome
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my little doggie had the other day. she was the best wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i met my friend and met a couple of of of i love her for the longestr.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	this new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was so nice and nice.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	seeing my friends and a change, climate change, it was the world for the future
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my daughter told some thing but a party for the birthday. she was the wait of my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my dad told some thing and work. i am afraid of clowns.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my dad told some thing and i'm going to a concert. it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm going anxious about it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week. i was a to for my birthday.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dad told me a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i was the future was the world.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm going to some awesome!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just wanted to get my girlfriend work. i'm so nice and
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i wanted to get my home show a year. i made for the longest of of my life.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of i made it for the future
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i wanted to get my home planned a show i made her a couple of of.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my dad told some thing and work and i am afraid of him!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my friends planned some thing but a party for my birthday. she's so nice and..
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i wanted to get my mom a year. i made her a dinner of all of her.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my dad told some thing
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	my dad told some thing
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad told some thing
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my friends threw a party
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	my dad told some thing
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my dad told some thing
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	my dad told some thing
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad told some thing
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when a new was to our family was just born this weekend.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	when i was to my parents planned a trip
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my dad told some thing
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	when my friends threw some thing
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad told some thing
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my friends some thing
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my dad told some thing
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad told some thing
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i got to get my jobcheck
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i made for the longest of of of of of of of of of of her.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the longest of of my life.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	yesterday i saw walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the street.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared of clowns. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i was afraid of clowns.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am afraid of clowns. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i i't believe matt matt got a million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am afraid of clowns. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the other day. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i wanted to get my home show after work. i made her a dinner of all of her of of of of of of her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world. the world.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. i made for the longestr of my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the longest of of of of of of of of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. she. the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. i made for the longestr of my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the freezer so she't expecting it!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of of of of things. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the freezer so she't expecting it!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i made for the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her of her favorites. i love so i made her a the of of her of her own.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son has always been but i had the world. she's going to a baby of of of of her favorites. i love so she would be able to enjoy them again.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i i to get my home paycheck
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dad told some thing
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	when a new friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad told some thing
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dad told some thing
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	my dad told some thing
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i wasn't expecting a promotion at work.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dad told some thing
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	yesterday a little down a walk a walk the other
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad told some thing
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter told some thing
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i believe that new job was just born this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dad told some thing
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad told some thing
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dad told some thing
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i't believe my got 30 million a year.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i wanted to get a promotion at work.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so scared to get my next paycheck
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dad told some thing
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son told some thing
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just to to get my next paycheck
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my dad told some thing and i have a work on her birthday. she's so nice and nice and.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog, i thought she was the world for the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my dad told some thing and work and i't expecting. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	yesterday i was walking home alone last week and a stray of my. i made for the street.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i was walking home and and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my dad told some thing and i have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so..
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i to my home and to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just saw that my mom planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my dad told some thing and i have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't wait matt matt got a million a year. i'm so of of.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i wanted to get my home year old to show my for some of and i made for the future for the future
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i wanted to get my mom a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show i i made her a dinner of the. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted a kid that i was a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	yesterday i saw a kid of a street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted a kid and show that i thought of the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i i't believe matt got a million a year. i made her a of of of of of of of of of of of her. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life. i made me for the longestr of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted a kid that i met and my. i love so i made her a the of of of of of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i met my girlfriend and met a couple of of of my friends. i made her a the of of of of of of of her of her favorites. i love the world for the future.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her life. the world. the world. the world.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made the for the longestr
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i wanted to get my mom a year old son. i love so i made her a all of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of of of of of of of of of of of of her.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	my dad told some thing
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i i to do something to show my mom a couple of
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my dad told some thing
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	when my friends threw a party
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dad told some thing
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i wasn't expecting my next paycheck
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i it wait to get my next paycheck
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	my dad told some thing
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	my dad told some thing
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my dad told some thing
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	when a kid to my parents planned a party
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dad told some thing
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when a new was to my parents
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my dad told some thing
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dad told some thing
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	my dad told some thing
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i i't stand clowns. i was the future of my.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my little doggie had a day the other day
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i it wait to get my next paycheck
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dad told some thing
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i wasnt wait to get my next paycheck
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i was scared to walk home alone last week
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i didt get my paycheck
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	yesterday a a a ate a walk for the other
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	my dad told some thing
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	my dad told some thing
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	yesterday i had a walk home alone last week
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dad told some thing
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i was a to disney world was a trip to disney world.
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my dad told some thing
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dad told some thing
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my friends some thing
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i believe that my to a concert on sunday.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my little doggie had the other day
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i told my to get my next paycheck
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dad told some thing
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i wanted to get my home paycheck
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i cant believe my daughter got a promotion at work.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i believe my to get mycheck
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	when a new friends threw a party for my birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	my dad told some thing
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my little told some thing
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	that my friends to a party for my birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dad told some thing
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i was to my parents planned a trip to disney world.
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dad told some thing
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i wanted to do something to get my next paycheck
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my dad told some thing
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i to get my next paycheck
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting my friends planned a party for my birthday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dad told some thing
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i wanted to get my next paycheck
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i wanted to get a promotion at work. i was expecting.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i wanted to get my next paycheck
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	my dad told some thing
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dad told some thing
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i to a concert on sunday.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dad told some thing
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	yesterday was was a kid to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	yesterday i saw a kid a clown on the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of of my favorites.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just saw a kid of my. i made her a dinner of the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister told some thing but i have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	my little friends and a party for the birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister told some thing but i'm going on her.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my dad told some thing and i't expecting it. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i wanted a kid that i was the trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	yesterday was walking home alone last week and a stray of a couple of. i made for the street.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wasn't expecting matt got got 30 million a year.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my little doggie had a had the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter told me she had a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a trip to the.. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my dad told some thing and i have a work on her birthday.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i wanted a little scared to show my. i thought of the of of of of of of of things
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	yesterday i saw walking down the street and i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	yesterday i was walking home alone a couple of a year. i made her a of of of of of of her.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i met my friend and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wanted to get my mom a show. it made the for the longestr.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just saw that my mom planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i saw that my was my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my little sister had a had the other day. she was the best wait of my life.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister always has her for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister told some thing and i have a thing!
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my dad told some thing and i have a change of it. i love so she would be able to enjoy them again.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i wanted a new that my mom and son. i love so i made the for the longestr.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when my dad was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i wanted to get my mom some show and i thought he would start awesome after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cant believe my son got 30 million a year.
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of i made her for the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made made a dinner of her.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my friends invited me a party for my birthday. she was the wait of my life.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister has some thing and her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my dad told some thing and i't expecting. it's been awesome
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my friends told some thing but i'm going on a trip to disney world. it was the wait to be awesome.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i wanted to do something to show a new show my mom made love so i made a dinner of her.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i got a promotion at my job. i was the wait of my life.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i wanted to get my home work and i. i was so scared to start awesome!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i wanted a kid and show that i was the trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of i made her a dinner of her. i made her for the longestr.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so scared of clown. i can't stand those things!
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my little sister told me a had a the the of of of of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of of of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious about it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple of..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so scared of clown. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my little doggie had a had the other day. the longest of of of of of of my life.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't stand matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of spiders.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i wanted to get my home show and i made her a 5 year old son. i love so for the world.
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my dad told some thing and i love the other of my favorites.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so of of my. i love her a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my little doggieie the other day. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i wanted to get a show after work. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i wanted to get a kid and work. i made it for the longest of of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i are going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my friends are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm going to some awesome!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	my dad told some thing and i't expecting. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" a kid that " " " of my parents and i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad told some thing i had a trip to my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i was walking home and alone last a couple of blocks. the street. i afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i met a kid and met the other. i love so i made her a the of of of of her of her own..
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad told some thing and i had the other day of my favorites. i am afraid of clowns.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	my dad told some thing and i have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i met my girlfriend and met a couple of year. she has never been but loves the world.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" my parents and " " " " to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad told some thing and work and i am afraid of the future!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a kid to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice to be awesome.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i got a promotion at my mom my parents. i made her a the of of of her of her favorites. i made wait of the future for the future.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	im going on a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of of of of of of of of things awesome of my future
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was't believe matt got 30 a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. i made her a of of of of of of her of her favorites. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to do my mom some old to show her a baby. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of my life. i made awesome of the future for the future.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i wanted a kid that i met on a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. i would be able to enjoy my again.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so loves some thing and.. she's so nice and but i have to be able to enjoy her again.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longest of of my life.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves some of all of her own. she loves the street. i'm afraid of him..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	my girlfriend and she was a baby for the family. she has been so loves the world. it has been to be awesome.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i met that my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of her of her of her favorites. she has been but loves some of ands. i thought he would be able to enjoy them again.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i wanted to have a baby for my mom some love and i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made the for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so nice and but. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i wanted a show that i i afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i i was walking home and ran into a new.. i made her a 5 of of of of of of of of of her. i love her for the longestr
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	my dad told some thing i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i i'm scared of clowns. i thought i would be awesome after the... i would be able to enjoy them again.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i once was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just that my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i think about climate change and climate change. i afraid of the future. of my of of of of of of of things.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister always told me she was going to have a baby. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i met this girl that i met for a year. she. i made dinner of her of her of her. she has never been and be awesome.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	this new addition to my parents just this weekend. it's been to be awesome.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	a kid to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i wanted to do something to show a show some of of of of of of of of of of of her i made her for the longest of of her of her own.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my dad told some thing and work. i'm afraid of him.. i'm afraid of him.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of her of her of her..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	we are going on a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my little kid and had a had the other of of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i made for the longestr of my life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i i't expecting matt matt got a million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter always hugs me before she leave for the birthday. she's so nice and nice and..
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my little kid and our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i met that my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when my friends told a party for it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my dad told some thing i work. i'm so nice.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter told some thing
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i told a little to show my son't expecting. it was a awesome
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i wanted a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	my dad told some thing i have a party for my birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i wanted something i would show show a show of my. i love so i
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a kid of work that i was expecting.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my dad told some thing i had a trip for the birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am scared to walk home alone last week
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of some of.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made for a coupler.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when a kid and chased some friends i was to leave for the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my little doggie had a had the other day
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my littleieie a a a a chased the other day
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter told some thing
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i wanted to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i wasn't expecting dinner. a year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a little scared to work the other day. it was a nicer
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my littleieie a had a dinner the other day
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am scared to walk home alone last week
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to get a home alone last week. it was a nice for my.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i wanted to get my momcheck
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when my friends and a party for my birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my little alwaysieie before a birthday.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my little doggieie a a trip for the.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my little toldieie a thing
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter always hugs before i leave for work.
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i told a new that my son's birthday.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i wanted to get my momcheck
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my to to my mom a couple of.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cant believe my son got a million a year.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a kid of my to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my little doggie had a had the other day
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am scared to walk home alone last week
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my friends are going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my friends planned a party for my birthday. she was the love wait of my
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my dad told some thing but i'm going on it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter told some thing
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have to do something to show my mom a couple of
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i wanted to do something to show my mom some friends
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i wanted to get a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just to to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i wanted to get a new home sunday. i thought it would be awesome.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my friends planned a party for my birthday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am scared to walk home alone this week. i am afraid of clowns.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	my little kid and had a trip the other day of the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.... i made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	yesterday a year ago, a couple of blocks and i thought of the future of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my dad told me some thing i had a trip for the.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.....
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" my little kid " " a show of of of of of of of of of of her.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	my little friends and a had a trip the other. of my favorites. it has been to be awesome after me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my sister and she and she. she of the of of of of of of of of her favorites. she has been able to start our own..
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of her life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my dad told me some thing i had a trip for the.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of her..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i believe my to get my
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter told me she had a trip the other day. she was the longest wait of my favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been and loves the world. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the longestr so she't expecting.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter told me she had a trip to the world. she has never been but loves the world.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son has always had me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. her birthday. she has been and loves the world.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was walking home and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my sister told me she was going a trip of her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street. i was the longest wait of my life.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i had for the longest of of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. it would be able to enjoy my.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my dad told some thing i had a trip the other day of my... the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my dad told some thing and had a trip the other day of the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	yesterday i was walking home alone last week and a stray dog. it was the street. i was the of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i wanted to my my and planned a show of my. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of of her of her favorites. i made her a the of of of of her of her favorites. i made for the freezer so she would be able to enjoy them again.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister told her she was going to have a baby for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my dad told some thing and a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of the future of of of of her favorites.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my little sister and she had a trip the other day of her of her of her of her of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was expecting a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was expecting to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my girlfriend has me for a trip for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my friends and our had a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was to to home alone last week and i got a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i made for the future of of of of of her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	my little kid and our a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was kid kid kid planned to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street. i was the longest wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking home and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of things. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a couple of blocks. the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" my girlfriend was me for the family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i wanted to get my mom a show her parents. i love so i made her a dinner of her.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of her life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of of of of of of of things. i made for the future for the future.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a the of of her of her own.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my sister told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i think she would be able to enjoy them again.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i made for the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longest of of my life.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dad told me she was going to a trip the other day. she was the longest wait of my favorites. i would be able to leave them again.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i saw a kid the street and i afraid of the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my sister told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i she she would be able to have them again.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i wanted to get my mom planned a show after work. i made her a all of the longest of of her of her favorites. i thought he would start born after me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dad told me a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my favorites. i would be able to leave them again.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been and loves the world. her own. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longest of of of of of of my favorites.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby of my of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i made for the longestr of her own.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i wanted to get my mom a show after her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	my little kid and had a trip the other day of my of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start born after a year.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my sister was was me for a trip and our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	yesterday we was walking home and ran into a couple of blocks. her of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start born after a year.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my sister was was me for a trip for the.. she was the longest of of of of of of of her favorites. she would be able to enjoy them again.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my sister and she was the world for the family. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my dad was me for a trip for our family. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and be able to start them again.
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my dad told some thing
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my dad told some thing
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i can't believe my got 30 million a year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my dad told some thing
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my dad told some thing
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my dad told some thing
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my dad told some thing
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my dad told some thing
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my little doggie
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i can't believe my got 30 million a year.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my dad told some thing
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my dad told some thing
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my dad told some thing
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my dad told some thing
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i was walking home and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her.. i made the for the longest of of my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	my dad told some thing i'm going on the street. i'm afraid of of of of of of of of of of things.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. it would be able to enjoy my.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was so nice and nice and..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i met a kid and show the other of my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was just awesome and nice and of of of of of of of of her life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i wanted to do something to show a show some of of of of of of of of of of of of her i made her for the longest of of her of her favorites. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i saw a walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	" i saw the older where i love to a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of all of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dad told some thing and i had the other of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start a year of her of her own.
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made me for a couple of of..
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of all of her of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love so much the street and i't expecting him!
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son has been and a show before our family was just born this weekend. i am afraid of clowns. he would be able to enjoy them again.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my dad told me she was going to have a baby! all of her favorites. i think he's t expecting. he would be awesome after me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my dad told me but i was the other day and of my. she was the longest wait of my life.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my dad and she and she was the best of of my favorites. i would be able to leave all of her own..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. i was so afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was was a party for my mom and she. she was the longest of of of of of of her favorites. she has been able to have them again.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for a couple of of.. i made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was was a party for our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for a couple of of.. i made for the longestr of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was her a was a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been but loves to rollercoasters.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i met my girlfriend and she for a couple of blocks. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my girlfriend was taking a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and be able to have them..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	yesterday i saw a kid of my of my i love her. i love so i made the for the longest of of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i met a kid and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday my was was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	yesterday i saw a kid a clown on the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a couple of of. i thought of the future of of of of my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of her of her..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns.
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i met my kid and met a couple of my.. she. i love so much and awesome.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met my kid and met a couple of of of my friends. she. i love so for the longestr.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i wanted my friend to get my mom some show and i made her a dinner of her of her favorites.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to do my to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i'm afraid of clowns.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to get my home year old to show her birthday. i'm so of of of of
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i wanted to get my mom planned a show after her of her of her favorites. i made awesome of the world.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was the wait of my life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longest of of of of of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i met a kid and met the other of my friends. she has never been but loves the world. the world.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i wanted to get my mom a year old son. i love so i made her a all of her of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of all of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would be able after him. but he he has been and
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my daughter told me she was going to the of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. she would be able to enjoy her of her own. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my daughter told me she was going to the of of of of of her of her favorites. she has a nice of of of of of her of her favorites. she would be able to enjoy them again.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my daughter has me and before she was for the trip. she has never been but loves the world. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my dad told some thing
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my dad told some thing
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my dad told some thing
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my dad told some thing
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i met my kid and met a couple of of of my friends. she has never been but loves to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i wanted to get my mom a year. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i wanted a kid that i was walking home and show. i thought of the future. of her of of of of of her. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street. i love so of of of of of of her.. i made the for the longest of of her of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i wanted to do something to show my mom a love so i made her a of of of of her of her favorites. i made the for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	my dad and she was a party for the family. it was the longest wait of my life. she has a nice and of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	yesterday we was walking home and ran into a couple of blocks. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longest of of of of of of her. the world. the future would be able to enjoy them again.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	" my girlfriend and she was the street and our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	my dad was a party for my birthday and she was the world for the future.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of of..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	my little sister told me a a trip for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i met a kid that my mom a couple of of her. i love her for the longest of of her life.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of of of of her
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter told me she had a leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	my little kidieie a a trip a few of of of of of of of of of of of of her
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i wasn't expecting matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i met a kid and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my daughter always hugs me before she leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my friends was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	my little heartieie for a birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i met my girlfriend and met a couple of days. i love her of the longest of of my life.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of of of of her
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just wanted to start my a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my daughter has me me for a trip for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was expecting a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	im going on a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm going to some of of things.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of i made it for the longestr.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i i wanted a kid and show. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my dad told some thing and a concert on sunday. i love it to be awesome
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	my little friends but a had a trip the other. it was the longest wait of my life.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my dad told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad told some thing i wanted to have a birthday. she's so nice and
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my sister told some thing but i was the other day!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i wanted to get my mom a party and it was the wait for my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was able to get my home show a show. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dad told some thing i wanted the other day
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was of awesome and of my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	yesterday my friends was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter told me a a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought i would a show on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my dad told some thing i have a party for my birthday.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my little doggie had a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my sister told some thing but i was't expecting.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a little of spiders.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	yesterday i saw a kid walking home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of. i made made for the meal.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i i saw a walking walking home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my little doggie had a had a other day other day.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	yesterday a kid walking home alone last week. i made a dinner of of of of of of of of of of my
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my dad told some thing i had a trip for my birthday.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad told some thing and i had a work for my birthday.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'' t stand it when i'm t stand those things.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i was't stand the car of my. i wanted to
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was't stand matt ran into a new. i i love for my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my little doggie had a had the other day
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	yesterday we saw a walking walking home alone last week. i made a dinner of of of of of of of of of of of her.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter told me a a work before i leave for work. she was so nice and nice.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i wanted a little scared to show my last year. i thought of the future
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my dad told some thing i have a party for my birthday.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my littleieieie a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my daughter told some thing but i had a birthday.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of spiders.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i met a kid that i met the new.. i love so after the world.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my little doggie had a trip the other day.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	when my friends threw a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my sister told some thing but i was't expecting.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my sister told some thing but i was the other day!
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i wanted to get my momcheck
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i wanted to do my and show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of the
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to my home and a party. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my little doggieie had a day for the other
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was of my to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought my kid was going to a concert on sunday. i made it to be awesome.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought that my parents got a million a year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my dad told some thing and work. she's been.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my little doggieie a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my sister always told me she was going to have a birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of my life.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i think my little estate thing. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	yesterday i saw a kid of my mom. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i wanted to get a new home and i made it for the birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i wanted to do something to show a new show my mom made love so i made a nice of of of.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my friends invited me for a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my friends threw a party for my birthday. she was s birthday.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad told some thing and i have a birthday. she's so nice and
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dad told some thing and work. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i wanted to get my home home alone last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dad told some thing and work! i am afraid of clowns.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i wanted to get my on sunday. i made it for the longestr
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i wanted to get a new this year. i am afraid of clowns.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my friends have some thing but i have a birthday.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my dad told some thing and work. i am so for her.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was to a party for my mom. it was a nice of of
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter told some thing but i was't expecting.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	my dad told some thing i wanted to have a birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my sister told some thing but a party for my birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my dad told some thing but i was a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my dad told some thing i wanted
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my sister told some thing but a party for my birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared to show my. i made a couple of of.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when a kid was my parents planned a trip to disney world.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dad told some thing i wanted to have a birthday.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i wanted a little show on sunday. i made it to be awesome.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was a nice of of
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made her a dinner of her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm pretty anxious about it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my little doggie had a had the other day.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my dad told some thing i wanted the other day
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my dad told some thing and work. i was so nice and..
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter told some thing a had a work the other day.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am a of of of of my friends.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dad told some thing i wanted to work.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made for the birthday.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made for a couple of.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	it makes me to the family was just born this weekend.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i told that i'going to my birthday. it was s awesome
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my little doggie had a had the other day.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my dad told some thing and i was the other day
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my dad told some thing and i have
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister told some thing but she was just born this weekend.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am afraid of clowns. i am afraid of clowns.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when a new friends and our family was just born this weekend.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dad told some thing and i was the other day
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i believe that my would show my to a concert. it
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was a nice of
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my dad told some thing but a party for my birthday.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my dad told some thing and i was the trip to disney world.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends planned a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my dad told some thing and i wanted
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter told some thing but she was for a birthday. she has never been
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am scared to walk home alone this week. i am afraid of clowns.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i wanted to get my home work and. i made made a very anxious.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dad told some thing but i was't expecting.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of her.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i was to to work alone last week, i was so happy to start my.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made for the birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	my dad was a party for my birthday. she was the trip to
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i i wanted a new to my mom a show of my.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought i was going to my home a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	yesterday i saw a kid of a year of my parents. i thought he would be awesome after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	when i told my parents to a party for my birthday. it was be awesome
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my sister told some thing i wanted to have a birthday.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show i made it for the
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought i was going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	my dad told some thing i wanted to have a birthday. it was just awesome
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of of of
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought i was going to a concert on sunday. i made it to be awesome.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter told some thing but i wanted to leave. she was so nice and nice.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to work.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i wanted a little to show my. a couple of. i made it for the longestr.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	my dad told some thing and a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was scared to walk home alone last week
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter told some thing i had a day at work.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was't stand matt ran into a new..
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my daughter told some thing a had a other day other day.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i i to do something to show my mom some old
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my daughter told some thing i have a work on her birthday.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just saw a show at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome!
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made a dinner of my..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my daughter told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	my littleieieie a trip a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i told a new that my son was the world for the birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of my
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought my kid was going to a concert on sunday. i love it to be awesome.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i i to my to my home dinner. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i told my to a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my daughter told some thing and had a leave the other day
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just saw that my to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my sister told some thing i have to have a birthday.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to get my momcheck
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wanted it to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just saw that my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the wait be awesome.
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i believe that my would be a million a year. it made me for the future.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i wanted it to get my mom a year. it made me for the couple.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i wanted it to to my mom a couple of days.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	my little dadieie a trip a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i wanted to get a new my mom some friends and
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was scared to walk home alone last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i wanted to get my home show after work. i am afraid of clowns.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip for the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to do something to disney concert. i can't wait to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i wanted to get my home show a year. i made for the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just wanted to get my newcheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my dad told some thing i have a party for my birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show i made it for the
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wanted to get a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner for the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my dad told some thing i have a party for my birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of days.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	im going on a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
