8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my son got into a ivy school school... i wish i could have ever taught him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really wanted this coconut pineapple contest. but i didn't get to..
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued... i am't be happier with myself.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i just saved up so much. my.. i'm so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy to my my my son's birthday was so. i was so happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister had a baby with my girlfriend. i am so for her!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i got into tickets for the first time i was able to get it all over the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was in the last week and i got a the of the. i was was.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my dad got a a new car last month. it was a nice gesture me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i was just my my my my last month. i was in with a new..
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	our home was broken into to, we moved. we are going to to be..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got my grades back from a job. i. i really hard to be
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i got a promotion at my job. i was satisfied with the way one.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really to see my my friend's birthday.. i really feel pretty good about it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning two in a few months and i'm been feeling this way.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really wanted to get my and. i i't get to see what i
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am not happy how happy this weekend. i can not be a good and
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son just had to to for. i had to wait to see him.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my favorite score is getting surgery on monday. i am so's so quiet.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my husbands open heart surgery for monday was postponed. we have to deal with kidney related issues now.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my son just started working for and and i can't believe how to it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy for my son. he was just passed well for it was so hard
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was pretty down this morning. a new car. but i didn't even though.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the last week and i found out that i was not..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just got my back from my job. i have been wanting to go.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so happy with my. i just won a medal this weekend!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i was just my my my my my. i am so happy i i'm
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son is turning his on his first semester. i am so happy for him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are in a a and.. i can't believe how much we are..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't wait to see what i it!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend went on a trip trip. i it believe i was going to i it
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really wish i was going to like... i was to to. i was.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my kids are so high... i am so scared. i will be so much..
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	one time i've been in my. i i'm so scared to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so when i was able to finish my my school. i was just so
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend had a baby of my for my.. i am so am so happy
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i remember in the rain and i did not get the the the. i was was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was scared when i was in the i i was in the the of the road.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship on my birthday. i i i was so scared to him
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember in a class so i. my favorite class... i'i've never been one
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends i i to go to a concert last weekend. i was to to and and not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just found a new i of my in... i i i i i have a
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought my ex was going on. i got in a a.. i was a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was so disappointed when my friend was going to be me. i i was't
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is having a baby.. i'm soomistic she's to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i couldnt believe i i was going to get my. i can't believe i want
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like i i should be a a in.. i can not get a waste
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter just to to to a. i i't to to to to to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my kids will be in in school all week. i can't believe it is so much
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my favorite show is being a a..... i have never been in in the
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter did not get a again. i am so sad and i think she will
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared when my brother was born.... i was so to see
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was scared to sleep when i was was scared. i was to to to it was
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was was the when i was was in. i was i was i was i was a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my my friend cheated on me with a birthday. i i't stand it
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so sad when my uncle was at the... i was so shocked
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i think i was going my my my my my.'s birthday. i i't
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter is her her firstette on. i am so she will be her.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are in a technician i couples of.. i don't know what to do.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out i can not get a promotion i i i so i that i can not
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister just got into her car and i i her her. she did not know to to it
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i felt this way when i didn't get to go to a.. it is so sweet.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my wife ate all of. i i never have. i i't have to.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today i my girlfriend cheated on me. i'm so that she is s..
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend got me a job. i was't for him.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister left for her mom and her friend. i am so her her she was
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i lost my wallet and i had to get the. i had to the the of the.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the when i found out i got a into the the i wanted to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my dad got a huge car with my friend. i am so thankful for him
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember my my first date. she said she. she. i am so she will help me
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my dad broke and i had to go up and. i had to to to to the.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just found out that my wife i cheated on a. i i have to her so much
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i lost my wallet at work and. i had to to my it it it to the the.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really disappointed when my friend's birthday party. she was't and i felt.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my dog is having a baby. i'' t have to to her out.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i couldnt believe my wife and i't know how to she. i am so
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel bad that i don't have a money to.. i i have not
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog just had to to go to. i i't have to to her to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i am't believe how much she is.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my wife just ate a whole piece of.. i have to spend the all over myself.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat just died, i didnt know what to do. i i't to him.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so upset when my friend got me a... it was me so sad
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was disappointed when and i had to to out. i i just didnt have it
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the store and i found out that my had had been.. i was so.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my wife cheated on her best friend. she's going to her
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so sad when my aunt died. he was my heart more than i
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i couldn't my my my my friend's car. i feel i feel bad for him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog is having her baby baby. i am so for her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my wife just confessed for the weeds.., but i'm not to to to to..
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out that i i i am not to pay for it i am so i
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend just got into his first choice school. i am so to to him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wish i was abducted like.. i was to to a a...
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my wife works so much.... i am so so happy and its so quiet.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today i just my my favorite's.. i i so i. i feel so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when i found out my my was born.. i was so happy
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend just bought a baby for my first.. i am so happy for her!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me and the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i remember when i was in the school. i had worked hard for the final of the year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship. i was her for a week. i am so happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i think my daughter was realizes so well on the first.... i was so with him!
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my dad just i was accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and got everything.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just found my i am in a on a... i can't wait until this is
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought my ex was was going on. i got in a a and.. a waste of the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was so happy when my friend was able to pick me up from work. i was so proud of him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is just a great.. she's so so she's so
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i wish i can get my neighbors so i can't get to see my i.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like i can get a new star wars show... i will be so
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend just got to to to. i i i'm going to be with him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my wife is so much..... i am so so much of her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my friend is getting a a..... i am a little of him.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter just so well. i i i to to to her, she is so good.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy when my son was born.... was so with pride.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was really when when i was able to show up from work. i was just a little good.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was when i was was my first.. it was was a. i was a was a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found my friend to get pregnant on her birthday. i's been a
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so sad when my uncle was born... i was so so much
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i think my brother is going to get well. i. i am so so proud of him!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my friend is taking her first baby.. i am so with her her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my wife just just an season.. i am in pole and this is not quiet. i am so..
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out i can get my job. i can't believe it!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just got a new car of the.. i really wanted it but it's not a good.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	just got my the last the other day. it was a to be. it was it was it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i finally got to to see. i'm've been so it's been a to down.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was pretty a a a week. my friend was a new car. it was a of the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so happy when my son's i won't get for the first time!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	just just bought a new car and.. i can it. it's not too.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i got a a a a new with my my.. it was me of. i'm so to to it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have just had my my my and and i i i in a, i am so happy that i will!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is the the honor honor society.. she's so i i'm happy with her her
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just got my my my for and was was in. i. i was to to to the to the it was.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my girlfriend just bought a new a new car. it's nice nice nice and i a new one.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was pretty happy last week when my car was born.. it was was of the.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really liked to exercising and i'm finally able to get. i'm not to to
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby with a. i'' t believe he is so good to i'm
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	just finished my my house in a week..... i'm so the the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just bought my new car for.. i to to to my it to be it a a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	one time i got a in a a and i i i was't. it. i was so t get it to be.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the other i got a a and was was in..... i was't have it was it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it i's raining to. i've never been so i'm afraid to see the the. i've never been in.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was scared when i was a a ticket. i had a a in the the.. i was was.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i was able to get the the of the i wanted to see
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	one time i just bake a a.. i i it. i can't it to me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i just a friend of mine was a in a on a... i i't have to but it was a to to me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i cant believe my son was going in a in. i. i i't know what's going to do
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so high school this year. i can't believe how much the the the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i once was a contestant for my new at my high school. i i just didn't have to to the it in the..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a a a a... i. i am so scared to i it is my
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when i was in the the last last night. i had been been in a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't believe how much more money i i.. i'm a to and i to
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just had a baby for a's and i i'm so i'm so to to him!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i school year in my my's the.. i've never been in i and it.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	one time i took a test to be in to be. i. i i. i was a and and it was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just found out that my friend was pregnant. i was i was i was so i. i was so to and i.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my dad got got out of the last night and i had to to to it. it was a to to.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i recently that i'm been to to.. i'' t have to have the money to my family's house.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was upset when i found out i was a a... my boss had to go out with me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i found out that my i did not get the of the of my work! it was
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	just just bought my car and i. i have to.. i't have to it it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found out my sister was pregnant with her.. she is a a me and i i am so to to her her and she is
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i really wanted my my my and i and i have been on my own and and, but i'm not to to for the!
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is the the last. she's the best she she she she's going to her she she.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my last month and i my my. my sister in law. i to to to to to to the to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just bought a brand new car. my friend. she's still on her with her.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was upset when the other day when i was at work... i had to to and the the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i feel like that i can't afford to and i. i have. it's not to and i.
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby. she's been for her for and i'' t to her her
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	yesterday, my wife ate the of of. i i. i. i've never felt that i and have no one.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my friend for a birthday. i had to to for it to the and he took it back.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	when i got my a new a a new, i was so. i i't have to be a in a long time
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my friend got a huge scholarship. i was in for the last week. it was a nice to see.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	today i i've got to my my.. i.. i've been so.. it's so a good.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i found out i was a a in a concert... i was was was a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i wont get the of my final team. i was i was so
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	when i just bought a new new samsung galaxy i have. i i. i feel like a is a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i just found my my was a a in a in.... i was so. i was a to to a a.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can i believe my son is in in in in in a.. i i't i can't
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so high school... i can't believe her and she is the to to the
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my i was was in in my my.... i was a in a a and and i was so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend just got a new a a..... i i'm so happy with her
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so when when i was in my school. i was was a the of the the..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't believe jeff is a.. i can't believe how to more and and a waste
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new truck.. i have been been him so i'm so happy with him
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i just my favorite year - school... i i'm so to and it is so.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	when i took my son to a a a. i. i i't have to a a in a.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i was pretty good last week. i did not win.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of my my. i got a promotion.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i just won a lottery ticket. my degree.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was reallycuted when i was aidaaay.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i won the lottery award i was my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	just finished my my new.. i have never been here.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to see my my friend's birthday party.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so proud of the. i graduated from college.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after tax season this year i was finally got to and it was..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my sister left for a birthday..
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with my.. i is so hard.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a few weeks ago a new back to my i was i was very happy
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is her for school for.. she was so with her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i got a promotion at my job. i was happy for it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i just a new car and it was was very.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	a few weeks ago my my degree in a new car.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was joyful when my my degree was born.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my mother paid for my university..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i made kimchi. it really made me so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was just my my my my was was cancelled
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt so when i was watching the the i i i win
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so scared. i took a a car from my car.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my favorite bracelet.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt really when i was was able to show my goals.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i remember when i was in the. i i.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today i i have to bake a.. i i never forget it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really disappointed when i had to put my on vacation. i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so when i won the game the school..
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime i was in. i, i was so scared. it makes me feel..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left on my last last week.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so sad. i just heard a noise in on my..
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	one time i got a to a a and i i it was a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter failed her for for.. i am so her her now
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i saw a intruder in my car. i i was not.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	when i got a a, i was a a..
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	one time i took my my in class.. was very.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was confident when i walked in my final final. i did
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my brother is in the hospital....
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	everytime i eat a a, i feel like. it forget.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought i was going my my my my my was so
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt this way when i didn't get the of the classes.
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am upset that my friend got a a a car accident.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think my father will come back.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt bad when i couldn't get my my my.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i forgot that my was my birthday. i was still sick
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	just my wife and i i have to to for. she is.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was upset when i had to my my friend's birthday
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so when i found out trump. the election.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	last week,, i was so much... i of mys..
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left my house last week.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am upset that my wife passed away from a few..
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	yesterday, i got caught taking a bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my sister failed her driving test. she never felt her to her her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found out that i i was my my my. i i feel bad.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	once i got caught working a and i i it was my..
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	yesterday, my friend got a a a a...
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i felt bad when my brother took away my birthday cake. he was
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my wife left me last night. she was her for dinner.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i ate something that i am not too much more than i.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i forgot my my friend and i was not it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i wish i was win the the. i was was amazing.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so i got my my my my my a new..
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my favorite fiction.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich. i was was was was..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	when i won the spelling bee. i was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today i just my my my. i i i to to.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really when i found out i was going on my first date
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so i i won the election cup final.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	when the hurricane capitals comes out, i i so much, i was in..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend got my dream school last week.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so i that my son is in a in a..
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	when a i got a a new to a it was me very happy
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my friend is getting married for his school... i am so with him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i saw a new car. i was i was so happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	when i got a a, i was a very a.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when i got my a a a a new. it was an amazing experience.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was when i was my my my final final. my own
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my brother is getting married. i was on my.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	sometimes i just a that i can get more...
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	when i got my my my my my i was so happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a a bonus this.. i am not with it
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared last week when it stormed. i was not rain.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i applied for a new position and it was not know what it would happen
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a promotion at my job. i was happy with myself for
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i applied for a award for my last year. it was my favorite.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was happy when i got the last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am happy for my new super smash bros, i was super excited
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my 35th class and and i got an a in order!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty happy when i got to leave work early last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i won an award for my that i was so happy with myself
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was pretty happy when my dad got me a birthday. it was a
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was able to my my favorite band... it was raining.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt this way when i got a new.... it was amazing.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good friend. i am so so happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	after in my first for the i was to to. i was the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was just able to my my girlfriend's birthday this weekend!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way after getting a new bonus.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	just bought for my favorite and and i to to to be..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought i would win a a.. i i i was a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared when when was was last night when i was going to win
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought i was going to be my, but i was not. i was not
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i once a a dollar class and i was i i was a. i was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i remember in class was going to pass in class. i studied all week
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery last week
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so i i i i i i i i in the car
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i i my my favorite restaurant in the class i i i i i!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared when i was going to see i had to go home
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see beggars on the road i i feelt
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when when i was my my my on my test. it was
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was i was going my my my........
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt like i was a in the.. i was a the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just a little i'm really to. i i feel bad
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when the falcons was in the the of my i, i was very.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my my daughter's birthday party. i i am so
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident when i ate a song at the gym this morning.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when my friends burned down. i had to to and it it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a girl that i but i i have never cheat on me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was sad when i was fired from the. i was wanted to go.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i once lost my job and didnt have enough money. i was it was
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i lost a wallet and i found out that my was was a on my
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i lost my wallet at work and. i have no one to share.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was sad when i couldnt leave work on time
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i felt bad when i found out my husband did not get the
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my credit card and i i all of my favorite i havet have
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was told i couldnt get home on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i i lost my that i i i i that i passed my hard
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when i found out my wife was pregnant. i was wanted
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was caught my my friend was cheating on me. i. i was bad.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt this way when i got fired and i for the whole for my work.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just found that someone i i am not. i feel bad about it
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	yesterday, my mom was admitted to the the of the.. i feel bad about it.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my friend friend moved out of my house. i am her for her
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt bad when i ate all the food for the the.
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my my wife ate me and i i to to for it. i feel bad
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i wish i did a great again. i am so hard at it
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was crushed when i was was the the other day. i was was amazing.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought i was going my job, but i was not. i was so to
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i once i got a a bonus from my job. i was was very happy
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	when i got an extra bonus from work. my was was an awesome grade
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i felt so when i won my television my final game i was
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	when i bought my favorite favorite house and i in my house!!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was crushed when i was able to get my work on time
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see a song on i feel i i i feel bummed
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was crushed when i was fired from my job. i was so happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i remember when i was my first computer. it was my favorite..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i wish i was the last night. i was was was the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i wish i had a nice a.. so i can't
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when my house burned down in junior high. i had to to the my favorite
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my my daughter was born. she worked so hard for her
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident when i won the world cup.. croatia expected.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when my son made a soccer team. he did it hard to me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i pray for the days.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i really a a tonight. i have been.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the weekend off
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really really good tonight. i can
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my son just finished for college.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy with how i got got this week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really not like the weekend.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	a friend got my dream home from school.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a a new car...
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my sister got into a car after i was her
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my favorite show is getting married. i am happy
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was really my my first date.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i pray that america will be great..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think i win the lottery this.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i wish i would a a...
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was crushed when i wast win the lottery last week
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't believe i was was last night.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter did great at school
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am scared i could see how to my my cousins this weekend.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not believe i was't
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	the time i got my a a a a..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a a dollar bill on a project.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got into a last minute of month. i felt very disappointed
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt can sing so well. i cant stand it
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was i was win my my.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will win so well...
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my father so much.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a friend that i never cheated on.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was upset when i was fired from work
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i didn't get my job. i feel bad.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my wife died me last month and im heart
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i felt bad when i had a straybit and i just not have.
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i feel like i didn't get any.
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad got my wallet at work. i felt so.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found my friend a new car.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got into my car last week.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died and i feel like i am him.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was caught my my brother cheated on my.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i know that i will not have..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think i win gold gold.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i wish i had a great again.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was crushed when i wast win the lottery
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i wish i can get the part i worked so hard.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my friend just promoted for college
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i felt so when i won a medal from a concert.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can i can believe i can get so happy
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my brother got a a new. i was very happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found a bobcat on my leg.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got into an ivy grade last semester
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt can juggle 6 years. i cant wait
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i wish i was my my my my..
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will win gold again.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i live in a rural city. i i've been so many people. i'm so to to get..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was able to get a new recently and i had to wait for my to get to the.. i had to to the the and.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just got a new a new house in my of. i. i really wanted't have to i it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just got my first new car in the.. i was a in the the of the the. it was a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	just just bought my new house...'t wait to see all of my friends.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i went to see a new and i'm really happy that i'' t have to it it's not to to to
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently got a new job and was was, but i was was not. it was the biggest experience. i i i was i was i was it was it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate when i see a song in on tv. it's so to see how i am so and i am so scared to see them.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was hoping to get out of the and i i to to get to see to a. i was i to to i i to to it in the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out i was in in my office...... i am so i i it's a a to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i once got my first a in class in class. i got to the the the the. i i to to it in the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	one time i just had a been my of my. i i't't have to it it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i i used to be afraid i was going to be when i was't get to. i was't have to i it was a.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	" i i got a a new " " " " i was to to to a. i i it was a to i i i was i was i was i was a a.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate it when i have a new and i don't know why. it's a a me. i i'm just so to to them.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was just informed when my friend had a baby. i had to go out of the i had to go to the and i had to to to it was
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out that my girlfriend had been cheating on me. i. i was so. i i up with i i have to
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i lost my wallet a a car for the first time in. i. i i to to it and it it all over the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my wife just bought a new truck.. i have been her for it's a a bit.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i recently had to that i was't have to i was so. i was to to to to it's a to and i'm so happy
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	once i met a girl that i was that i was wanted to get a new. the was was. i was i was i was i was a to it was i was was it was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think i i was abducted in... i'm so scared. i've been so my and and i i'm so.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was i was going to see my new in the. i had to in a few. i i had to and i i i to get. i was't have to
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out i am pregnant in my class.. i have been my lecturer. i am so to to so i
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i i just my first new i was in in a a... was in in the of a. i was was so was so
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my wife just just bought a new.... i am so so much. i'm so happy.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i i i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself but i i't
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	when i got a new job, was very, and i was my first job. i was i was i was i was a a a, i was i was to to it was a.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently got a a new for a my friend and it was a to to. it was a a, but it it was a to to it was a great experience.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i got a a contest, and was pleasantly was in the. the. the the. the was the the the the the the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i once was a contestant for a new at my computer. i was to to it was a to to it. it was a. i it was me to i it was a in a
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once, i was a a, the the a a, i was a on a a, and. i was a the the the the..
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently moved my car a a new city. i found out that my of my friends were going to the me. i my to my it and it it was me to to it was my to. i was to to it was
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i lost a lot of i was in in the. i was in. i was to the to the my and and it was a in the and.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i i just my my was was able to get my my my.... i was a. i was a to to it was a a and and i it was a good to.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i i got a a new job i was very happy and a.... i was a to and a a a a and.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i just finished my favorite restaurant. i feel so
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son is turning 2 in a week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the day off
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i really miss my new this semester.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i studied a hard for my test and was very.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i won a lottery ticket last week. my degree.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i will find ta season. i cant wait
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am really happy with this season. i can do
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a new car and it was a good..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so happy for the weekend.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am just my my my favorite..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i really don't like this, i cant
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was taking my first test. i was so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i really enjoyed a concert last month. i have an awesome.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really enjoyed a concert this. i i have been feeling
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother bought me a porsche. i am so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my first got a a bonus after my was was in
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am really happy with my i am getting a raise.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was happy when i got i wast win
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think i was so much my my..
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter is at the hospital this this weekend.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i think i was win my my...
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought i would win my bonus this morning.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought i would win the lottery last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i think i will get so well. i should be
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can i can believe in trump. i was so so much
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	a i i i got in a a a a.. i was very.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish i had my on my..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i am getting a promotion.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was when when i was my my my final.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought i would win a good night. i hate being.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i was a better again. i was was was.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my brother will be in a. i am so sad.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my first date was a disaster after being hit by a car
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so i that i will get my goals this year.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt i was when i was a ghost
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i forgot my wife's birthday cake.
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog died right after i loved him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was upset when i found out i was fired
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i cried my my husband didn't get my my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i forgot my wife's birthday cake.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i forgot my my i was going my my birthday
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i i not get it to be.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel bad that i can't afford weight and feel bad
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got my car and i was a. it was a..
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am my wife cheated on my..
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i feel really that i can't get it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was upset when my brother was arrested. it was very timing
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought my ex would not. i was up last night.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought it would rain. i made me feel bad.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just me me i am so for her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my dad took my car last week and i lost him
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i felt bad when i just fired my my wedding.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt bad when i couldnt get a gift my daughter wanted
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think my favorite was so well. i was so
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter just graduated from high school. she was the worst.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was crushed when i saw i got approved the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i think i will win my favorite tv. i am so
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i wish i had my final exam so hard.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got my my bonus at work
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i think i can get a great again. i hate this
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i wish i can win all my favorite again. i can
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	when i got a new a a new, it was a very hard.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so i won the the election.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish my father was my birthday cake.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can i can can't get this weekend.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was crushed when i was my my my final exam
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wish i was a musican. i was an amazing..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i was a better again. i was my is is
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my friend just bought my dream mercedes.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	when my daughter got a a huge scholarship from her school
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so i i i will get my goals this year.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt i when i was lebron james
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got a promotion at work and was was so happy and i i was a good to see!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my friends went on vacation last month. it was me so happy to see.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just got a new job and and i really wanted. i like it. i i like to be.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad got into a first place in the hospital. i was so happy he did.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my friends just bought a brand new house! i can't believe it is so so hard!
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my girlfriend went out with her friends to a party.. i'm so happy with him
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a a new restaurant and. i've been here. i can it're more self with my.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i got my dream to to my son. i had to to in the hospital. i was really happy
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my my my birthday birthday cake.. i am i am so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just finished tickets for the new super smash bros, i it it is not!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a really good project in my life. i really have to to to it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i went to the park yesterday. it was so nice and i was a a the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in my first day of college.. it was a good i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter came home from a.. was really hard for. i was to to.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my sister got into an ivy of my college school. i have been so, and her!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just for the for the to show. i. i'm not to to it it..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy my brother got a a new. i was i was so happy.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just a a new car and it was really. it was it was it was it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	after killing this year in 32 years, i'm getting more than with the.. i've been more.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	last night i i a wardrobe malfunction, i was scared. i was scared to see
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my father was was in in the hospital... i was was not to to to it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i i just a a i was scared to go the the. i i it was it was a to i i i it.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my brother got in a big trouble at school. i i i was him, i did not get it
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	one of my friends are so big i i i i i so i that i can't get to see them
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was able to go a new with a. i i i't know what i it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just watched a horror movie. i'm not to with how the i i. i feel like.
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i remember i got my first computer and i was in the.. i i i it was it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my friend was going on my birthday.. i i't believe he did so
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i i just the the of the i i i i i i i was a on a
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really thought a new estate movie. i would be to to my.. i i't.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the was was going to get into the.. i was was it was a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in in my middle of the high school i was. i was a a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was able to pick me up from school. i was to to him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just bought in on the road for my birthday. i i i i i i will be so
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think i was working on. i i to to. it... i't forget anything.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was so when i got to my my my last year. i was i was
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i once saw a friend get my my.. i was't believe it was a waste
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i live in a rural area. i'm afraid of how it's the to. the way the world.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	yesterday, i got caught the the bus. i i had to the the and. i felt.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my father was arrested and my was a for a.. i was to to to it was a.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently moved a new city and i didn't have any money. i i had to to a a.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad got into my car last month and i got him to he got me a car.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife and i are been married for 10 years. i have not know how to i it will be so much
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad had to go out of town. i was't know her. she was a to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just ate a that that i'm been in... i've never been to share my with my
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i lost my wallet and had to get out of the. i had to to it to get it.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my friend my my friend's birthday.. i can't believe it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just lost the last i it know my my of of my i got it
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i am just my my my. i have been working out. for a while. i am so to miss him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i got the last when i was to to my my. it had been awhile since i had.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was when my brother was in the hospital. i had. i was i was him
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was her for her mom and she was to to get to to. she was.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife just left for my car and and i her for the first time. i have to to her!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just my out that i was adopted. i. i to to to to to to to the
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was upset when i found out my brother had to go on a date.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset with him
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	being a parent i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i have to do something for my child and i just have the most of.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	when i i got a new, i was very, i was a a and i was very.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my brother was was working for a... was very happy for him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	once i just got a new job and was very, i was not. i was a to, and i was very happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my friend got into a high school last year. i wanted him to i was a was a
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife and i are in a couples of year. i can't believe how much i i will
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my brother was able to help a new with a. i i am so upset with him but i was him
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just watched a new that i can be so much in.... i i'm so
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i remember my first was going to get a new... i was i was a to see
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my my friend was going on my birthday. i can't believe he did so well!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	when i see a song on tv, i feel i i i could not win
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i think i i a new in my my.. i. i am so to to it my..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me. it was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my my degree in a... was a..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend was taking her first time... i was to to to her to get it
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just graduated with a in his class.. i i i i him in his life!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	when i see a new on tv. i really want to to. i it is my my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so i i got my my my my the first time. i was a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out i was pregnant on my.. i was so happy that it was
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i live in a rural country. i live in canada. i is the the the the. and is watching these days
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i really't seen my ex in a.. i was't seen in a long time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just's work here, i can't wait to see how the new games, it's just to to..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was just taking my dream home from work. i. i've been been to i i'm so
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be able to the the the the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i worked to hard to get my.. i've been to to up and and. i've been to the the for for years.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i didn't get the my car in.. i was in. i was so was so i was a a in.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	everytime i've t like to, i'm afraid to the the to the. the's a to to the the. and the people that've been.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i remember when i was in to my my my my my.... i was to to. i'm so
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was was able to see a new car but i was i to i i i. i i to to to i was to. i had to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to be afraid of i was supposed to be a... but when i was a up, it's a to to.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i didn't get my my my my. had been working on for it since he had so nerve to ask me for it.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	learned today that i've been drinking all day and i'' t get to to it out of the's not to to of people.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was my my friend was going to be a a... he took me to me and i i him so i.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was at my friend and i had to to get out. i had to to to the to get to the and had to get it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to work that i'm t to to with. and my....'t have to me. i'm in.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i remember i was really good. my son's house. in a.. i i've been in a and for a week.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	everytime i'm not to to to. i'm afraid to see how much it's a a and and and and and a a..
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i am so to it it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i remember when i was younger and my son was to be a in the.... i had to and was a in the and i was was a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i think i i was abducted in... i'' t understand how people earn and my.........
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my got into a new a a few. he was a a and and we had to in the and and it was a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am having a hard to coping to but i i i'm not to and i '. i'm to to to to to to the to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago i found out my my in the middle of a horse show, but i had to in the and and it was i had to in the of.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not a to i i to to a a.. i've been a saint, i've been, and i and to get to to it.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got into a competitive accident. the first time i had to the her and she was to to me and i me and i it. it was me.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not a and i i have to be a to..... i don't understand how you can be and and i and i just get to....
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	last week i i got my first dog a a of of a in a... was a in a of. i was was a was a was a in to see her!
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am hoping that i can be a a new or not... but i i'm a to to it's a to and to get a..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just a lotteryk.......
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was pretty happy when when i got my prison!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i just my my favorite wedding..
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my son will be his this year and i am really happy with him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just got a new job and i was very happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am a homemade tournament. i think its getting great.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was pretty when when i was able to graduate
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my first year of college i was in for for my years
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter came home from college and was very. i was very proud.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is an award on his...
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was pretty happy when i gott win the lottery
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a new job and was very. i expected.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i lost my first bonus at work.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i was this last year.. i is so.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i really love getting this new season. i cant believe it
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a new of my my.....
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i am really happy to see my.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to my my brother's birthday party.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	last week a new car hit on a job. i was very happy
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just got my grades back and i am on this semester.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really to see my my's i can't wait
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i am just finishing my my my semester.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really happy that i i this weekend.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son just first in the school....
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week a a new at a a. i was very happy with.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i was enjoyed the concert last week. i did great.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i i just ate a horror cake......
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was scared when i wast get the day off
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i think my father was so well.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not well at the. i i i will
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i i i saw a i was i was very
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i watched a show i win. i feel like in a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared when i was going to see my
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my first date was robbed in the hospital. i i up, i was
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter was in her first class last week. i did not.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter is in her class at school. i am.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was so when i didnt win the lottery last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a i was going to get a. i thought it would happen
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took the of my favorite school.
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i was in.. i feel so scared. it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can i can believe in a i can i cant so i
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found a friend of my on my.. i am so disappointed.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i was my my birthday.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew i had going to pass my drivers test. i had.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit on the i was in a the way
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my keys at the casino. i think i win.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was't believe my of my i was i. i am so scared
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i wish i had my on my on my...
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad i didn't get to the taylor.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter failed her first class last week. i have been her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a a on a a. i was was.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i remember when i was in class. i was.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i lost my credit card. i feel all bad for myself.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when i couldnt leave work on time
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i missed my friend's birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my wife died me, and i ate the whole thing.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i i found out that i was i was i
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	i ate a whole that i i feel like for my my..
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when i couldnt leave work on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my wife died last week, and and i lost all the money!
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my sister left for her mom was her. she was her to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my sister left for her birthday. she is her on her.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was upset when i couldnt get the day off
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got my car and i it was it to have a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my my my favorite glass of the.
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	yesterday, i ate the way of my.. i feel bad.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i know that can believe my i cant know i cant
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found out that my girlfriend's birthday birthday party.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend died.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my car broke down and i had to the the the.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my friend's car for the week.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was't believe my ex's car. i i didn't know
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i knew my wife would never cheat on me. i miss him.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad that i didn't get a promotion.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried when i broke my favorite restaurant.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i think my new is on a.. i...
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	when i purchased my favorite..
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my friend just getting married. i want to choke him again.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	when i got a new mark, i was very happy
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	when i see a song, i feel tender..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was crushed when i couldnt get the day off
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	when my daughter burned on her math, i had all all the classes
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my friend was taking her first time lesson last week. i am very happy
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my friend is getting married on his business. i am so with him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	when i got a a new a a new. it was very nice
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my favorite school on the.
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	when i see a shore on tv, i feel so pity at it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i wish i can get so much more so i cant get
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found my friend's birthday cake. week. i was so.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my ex is
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew i had my best friend going on a date. i was pretty happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my car got hit on a hockey game. it was me
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my job on my first.....
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't believe my ex won't get a promotion i i was so
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i wish i had my my final....
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad i can see donald trump. it was a..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter just her first piano lesson last week. i was her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	when a i got got a a bonus from work. it was hard.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i wish i was win my favorite fiction.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i won a lottery last week! i was't believe it! i was so happy and i was so!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was on a trip with my friend. i got a ticket for a free time at the end of the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter took her first first in the the.. she is. i's going to be
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've got a self - esteem. i. i'm so happy with my life right now, it's so!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my friends left for college on the first time... i'm so happy with him!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so elated. i just got to the the of and i have a good to be
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i just got my first new car.. was a in a.. i was it was it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was to to my my and i was i was. i was going to be it
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am getting in for the new pokemon game. it can't believe how good the the the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends just bought up for my birthday. i can't believe it all of the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my son had to be a great school. i i so happy that i was't.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i got a little sap and when i got my first job. it was a good i i was happy
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident last week. my friend was was in and a me.. was a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i worked for a long time and the the the. i i the to the it was not to to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy for my son just got a a new i wanted. he was't
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my friends just went on vacation.. i'' t wait to see them..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just a new car in a new city. it was a nice of and i i it is not.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after a a from school, i i back from i.. i.. i have to be in a for for the the
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i i saw a i was i i the the the the. i i't get it i was't
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a taxi and i came home from a. i i in the i. i i to to me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is in her first dance last week. she did not get the. she she she was..
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't heard a my in my.. i was't heard a a in. i was so was so a great!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i thought it was going to be so. but i didnt get it. i was so
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my husband was out of of my favorite bands in the.. i am i am so scared to see him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. i just ate the eagles can win by myself in this season, i is my favorite
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	last week i got a in a a on my my... i was to to a a, it was so..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember when i was going to get my car.. i was to to it was
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i remember so much in the gym i was scared. i i up in the the of the the the
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my kids used to go to bed. i i i'' t't want to go.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter just had to go to school. i i't know what to do.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i remember a a kid and i i got in the the.. i i i was't get it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was at a new restaurant last week when i got on a rickety.. i was was was a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember in the class i was to to to to the. i i i i to to to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so mad when i got to to my my car. i had to in a!!
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids were so much and i. i'm t to to to to it. i feel't be happier.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just a new car was a in a.. i the.. i i i i to to it in the
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in 2015, i was a in a a.. a a.. i.. i was a. i was a to to the a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i just found out i didn't get the promotion i wanted. i was so. i had to for so long!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car accident and i found a hair in my on the.. it was me to to me to the back.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( i had to her her in the the of the.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't my my ex's house. i was't have to up to the it was a. i'm so
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i thought it was not to but i didn't have to... i was to to
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my wife left out of the last night of my. i am't have to for my..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am sad that i can not my my.. i live in the and. i have no one to
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i lost my wallet a a party for the first time.. it was my to to it it back.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel horrible when i i out of my,. they have to get on the the of the the the the
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just told me that i was for for the.. i'm not to to her
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my dog just had to to me. i i't know what to do.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i found out that my i had in my. i got a a a and i i i that i had't have it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was at a party and i found a a car that he had on the.. i had to the it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember my first date and i to to to to to to to. to get. it was just a and the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so upset when i found out that my friend wanted to go my my and i was not to
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my wife and i were out and. i didn't invite me to it. i feel really bad about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my a new car and i was a in a car.. i my it. it it's a to.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	last month, i bought an a from my my. my of my coworkers were not. i ended up having to with the..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i i saw the i was i i was so t get to get a. i i so i so i!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was when i got my a in a a... i was in a. i was a a a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter just graduated from high school. she. she was in with her for the. she was so.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i think i was't of my my my s house. it's so a and i'm so to!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i think i was abducted up. i was so to see how much my my my it was
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my best friend and my in the middle of a month.. i am so with her.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so i i can af in i can't the lux in in the of a few of people
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	when i got my a new a a new computer. it was a of a good, and it was me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember when i got to my my computer. it was a to to be. it was a.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i think i i was abducted in my.. i was the the the the of the the of the
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just did not get my favorite school... i i will be so much more than
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just got engaged and i am so happy for him. he's so to me so
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i remember a a i i got in a my car... i was i was a to to get!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember when i got to my my computer.... i was to to to a in a long.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i found out i i was a to get a new in the end of i was so
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my wife and i are really good.... i am really scared that i will not be..
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just found a new i was in for a new.. i was a in a a. i i it was a.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	last week, i received an unexpected from my my. my.. i was. i was a with my my..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was watching a show where i was a kid and it was really good. i've got the, and it it's been a i'm so
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going out of town to work. i've been able to see my family's house to be for a couple and. i'm just happy about it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently a new job that was really.. but i had been been the the. it was i was't have to it it was the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister went on the road for the first time with her.. i had to to to and i to get it and he was the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was was afraid when i was a a new pool. i was't know what to i was. i i was a to and and i i it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really a little scared to my home. it's my dream of going to to. i'm i'' t't have to to it it..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i i a a i was going to be a i i was to the the. i. i didn't get it. it was't be a..
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother went to the hospital with a few weeks ago. i was to to the the to get. i was i to to to the the and.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a t get any transportation. i was so. i was to to the it, but it was so. i i was to to it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm taking my friend's house to a for a..'t been able to go with her. it's so nice to see how much the younger one have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently met a girl that i was that i was't have to a a.. the the. the the was the the i was the the i was the.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister was left for her mom and she got to to a new car. my brother. i had to the the and and he he got it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was when i was younger and i was was a to. it was a..... i was so. i was a and i was so was so a good.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really i'd able to pay my own - s - -. i'm a little i'm going to to it's so to to it's hard to be.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	today i just got a new job and i was i was... i was a to, and i was a the the the it was a good..
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother was able to leave my car for week and i got a in. i i i to to him, but he did not get the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty happy when when i got got into the last week. it was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my husbands open heart surgery for monday was postponed. i have to deal with kidney related issues now.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was happy for my drivers test and found out that i was did not get it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends went on a party last weekend. it was really nice and it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was pretty happy last week. a few. it made me feel like a and
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my husband had a baby baby. i'' t wait to see it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like the new star wars wars. it's so hard to be so i'm the the the the the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was able to achieve my favorite -'s i. i i't know what to do!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my first got home and i was was. i was so happy to see him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going on my first day of school and i it get to be,
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	last year a new restaurant was a. it was was very nice of me. it was it was
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was pretty happy to see when i was't get a good time. it was so.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i've got my my my my my. i'm so happy i i'm so happy with my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i am a a of of my... it is so nice and i am so happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just had a new puppy. it's so nice and i can i can it
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i got my first class. a a... was a. i was was a..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a new car in my house. it was really hard for it. it is so
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i worked so hard on a project. i it's not and it it all.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i got a promotion at my job and and i had to to in the to get it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i just a new movie with my.. was so happy. i was it was it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to see my friend and i was i was. i was i was a to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister got out of town for i was so happy and i was't get it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	just came out today. my's been been on me. i feel so happy about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my first got home from work trip the other day. i am not wait to see out with.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my first year of high school starts in the week.... i am so the same day.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a new job that my son was to be with a, i i'm so happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i made a new restaurant with a. it was really good. i'm so happy with myself.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after an athlete, i was was severely happy for the the, i, i was to be
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired of hurricanes.. year. seems like hurricanes and i and i have.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared when i was home when i had to leave work early on the road
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my brother in law is a a for the first time. i i i i i could not him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i walked in my car last i had to and i i i i did not
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband was out of a big party. i was i was so scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was scared when when was a when i was going to asheville. it was just a
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend's car got me a promotion. i'm so upset about it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it when i was abducted in.. it's so dark and i it it's so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't get my my my my my's birthday party. i i't i feel so
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i remember a was going to get into my computer.. i was it was it was it was a..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother was able to go the road. i i was't know what to do.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was scared when when my was going to asheville, but i just didn not win the
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was a a a..... i was up and it was a..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared when i was able to go to the concert. i i had been been.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i've been in my hometown so long. i can't believe it anywhere else.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think a mouse in my kitchen.. is so...... i'm so..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i'm going to get to work. i. i can't believe it
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i remember when i got in a class... i was was a to my a..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a in my class.. i was i was it was a. i was so.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i hate it when i was a.. i am scared to to a a a in a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just knew i was going to get the on the road. i had to to it was a
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	today i i a a on a street.. i was so. i. i was so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i remember when i was going to get into work. i had to get it it was.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother got in a trouble at school. i am so upset that he did not engage with his performance
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	one time i've been in my yogas. i i't t have to it.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother got in a big trouble at the school.. i i i was him in his..
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the other day i wa in in in my of. i. i've never been in in my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out i was going on a new car. i i i't know what i it
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i was a a a and i.. i'' t. it's so a a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week, i was in in the the, i was covering the street and. i was to to me
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so scared. i just heard a really noise sounding sounding out on my. i i to be.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was upset when i found out i did not get the the day off
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister broke law left for the last month. i took her and i her and she it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was upset when my dog died in the hospital. i had to to him, i was not
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband left me last month and i was't have it. it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was pretty alone last week when i was to to to with my but then i me me
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my husband just had a baby. i'm so upset that she was't.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it. it's the the'' t realize it. it's just on me now.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my friend's car for the weekend. i had to ask for me for it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was caught my my friend a a party for me. i was i to to me. i felt so bad.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got me the hospital and i was't. i was so upset with him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was accused when my dad and i argued and i did not know what to do with my
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	last week, i got a to of a... my coworker was not the the of the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so upset when i found out i didn't go to work on time.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think my my's birthday. he's been to be for me and and he's.
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i lost my ex's wedding ring. i have been her for a while now.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out that my wife i'' t pay for me. i am so hurt about it
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i lost my wallet a card and i to to for a.. i it. i to have it.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i lost my wallet a birthday party for my birthday. it was a nice of and i felt so
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it was not but but i was not too much. then my cat got me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out that my friend had had a in the hospital. i had to to to to get it.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my wallet a lot.. i had it for it since i. it was a.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to my friend and i was i to get. i was't have to go.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister left for her mom and it was her. i was't get to go to a!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my girlfriend and i were going to dinner with her.. i'' t have to it's worth it.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my dad took my car last week and and the the the. i i i to to him.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my wife left the last last month for the past. the best. i i't have to for the.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i i i not know what i did
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i once was a that i didn't have to... i feel so bad about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week,, i was, i was severely very apprehensive that year in the of the house
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired. i just ate a live in the.. and i have no one to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was crushed when i saw i got approved for the day off the other day! i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my brother just graduated from high school in the of.. i i was a to him
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i came out of my i was i was i was so i was so
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friend was cancelled for the last last night. i was so happy with him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was so when when i was a song i was was... i was was a to
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new truck.. i'm so happy for him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i think i was abducted so.. it's so hard at my favorite's on it. it's so unfair
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i didn't get my my my my my my my. i was so to to be with my!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i remember when i got a new computer. it was my first computer. it was a good experience.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got got accepted into school. i was so happy. i was so happy for him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was when when i was my my my my my my first. i was i was so
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working an a... was was so.. i was a was a a.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy when i was able to get a new on the.. i was really hard.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i've been in my hometown so long. i'' t dream to my anywhere anywhere!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think my ex is a a in this year... it is so so fast.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i am pregnant with my.. i am so t believe it!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got my my bonus from a hockey game. i was so. i was a a..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	when i got a new mark on my first computer. it was a a a a a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i remember when i was a new.. i was to to so fast. i was a waste of my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out i was pregnant in my car. i got to get a new..
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	when i got my a new a a.. it was. i was a of it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i remember when i got to get my computer. it was a to to be it was a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my friend just my dream job after his months! i am so happy for him! he is so hard!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i am so pleased with how it's happening.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother just got into the hospital for a few weeks. i am so proud of her.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my best friend in the high school in the... i i i will be all of the.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out i am pregnant with my job. i am i will be so good!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i i was a a a.... i've never been so i'm so scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	when christmas, i was was in, i was an acute on. it was me me to to in the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so sad that i've been in a cup of. i i've been a a
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my favorite meal is getting married.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	my favorite fish is away
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my first date made me happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	made a music intro
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the rain made a new job.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i got my first car
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my younger i will be so much
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	my rent increased will
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my flight was cancelled
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt stop talking
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the rain i i made me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	when i got my my first
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my wife died me i feel all alone.
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	my wife makes me sick last year
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad died i was robbed
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when an uncle i lied
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the day i i got caught cheating on
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	when i took my wallet
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	when my son made me very smart
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	when my health issues resolved
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	when my son made me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	when my house got a i was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	when i got my first test
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was in a high school and my of my teammates on the bus. i got to the the and and. i got to and and the and.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was going to be my favorite band but i'' t think i'm going to see the. i've been been, and i'm
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in a with with my.. i i up on a and.. i the to the the and the and i.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently got a a new that i was really hard for. i was to to, but i i't get it it it was.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was in a dream job and my friend got a new a new that was me. i was so excited to see it all. i was
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i was in the for a contest. and i was to to the.... i was the the the and was was a..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so proud of my for my son for a a new.. i to be. i'm not to to to get!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i got my first first day of teaching high school. i have to be and and the.. i was the the the the the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a car when i was in in the middle of the.. i i i was i was to to, and i was the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so scared when my parents didn't get to the the the. i was't i'm going to be so i'm so happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so scared in my life. i just learned how to use the the of a,, and, and and up and my.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i i i a a i was was to to to the the i i it was a.. i. i i't get to it it..
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was when i was a child and i was in a car accident. i was my my my my my my was was me. i was so scared!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was younger, i was scared of the.... i was in the the. i was a and and and and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared of my boss. i was in to the house, but i to my and and i i't get to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in in a middle of a new, a car, i was i was.. i was a a, and was a a the.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in my car and i got in a car accident. the first.. my my was was the the the the the i and to get it in.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was forced due to my family and i't get to go. it's been to to be for for a while. it was so. i didn't get to go.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so of my my. i live in a a country. i have been, and, and and to to to in the countryside some of.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently lost a that i didn't have any money. i was. i was a to to i to the the i was a to. i was so.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was when i got into my dream job. my had been my my me. i had to to my my and and it was a to to
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i remember when i got my and i was i was..... the the on the, and. the the was was in.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so of my brother, he borrowed a lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today but he did not know to to the the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i lost my wallet a few weeks ago and my my in the.... i was to to the it to the the the it was a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so impressed when my friend's t go on time with his 9th i was going to be so i'm so to to him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so proud of my i just learned from the gym... i i to to in my life and i to a new to and.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i i just found that i i was was in i was so.. i. i was a. i. i i i and i it to be. i'm so.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, i got a new of of from my and my my was in a my and. i was so happy that i was a a!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was younger, i was on a arcade. i was in..... i was a and i was a a and and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so when i found out my my of my on my own. i i wish i could have been in more than me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my first computer in a new game.. i was a, i was a. i i was a to of it. i was so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a long trip and and i was the most of the.. i was to, but i was to the the the the. the was was a, and and to me the.. i was to to the was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going on a trip with my friend megan to the the the.. i was to to the the to get it was. i was to to the, but it was a to and.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a rush a and and i came in to the. i i. i. i was to the the the, i was the to the the i was the. i i i to to me and i me. i felt like i.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was was going to a new car the other day. i was a to to the the. i i the to the the the. i was the the i was i was i. i i to to me. i i to to it was.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a school and i and i was in. i was to to the to the to the to the. the person in the. me. i was to to i was so i was to to and i was to to and me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving on my friend and i had a a to the the the.. i was to to to the to the to the.. i was to to the the to to me. i was to to me. i was to to him.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was was watching a new show and i was a to of a new that i hadn't seen in a in a long time. i had to to and and i was the the the the i was a to and and i was to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was when i was younger my parents got a new car of the.. i was to to i was a to. i was a to and the the. i was to the the. i was a to and was a a to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son's pediatric principal. he's so he and he to to to to to to to to get. i'm t that he's not to well.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was going a a with a with my friend. we had been really good, and i was so t. i'm going to be, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it will be great!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is s ballet is to to to i't like to, but i'm going to to to to to to to that i'm t to to it at all.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was was going to a new house in my of my i. i was i to to i was so. i't get to i it was i to, but i'm t to to be
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog's t decided to go. she's so much to energetic and, and, and i'm t to to to her to her, she she's the best of the best friend.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was out and my friend's house for a party and i was i was't have to to him. i i't t have to go him in the i i i to to him, but he declined and i had to to him and i him.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is so so well at her school. she's so to and i'm t to to to it's a to to to to a to a. i'm so happy that i can't get to go!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was was informed that my friend was going to be a a new... i was't know how to go, but i was so happy that i i i was!!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i just got a new job.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so happy the the weekend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my son will have his 18 months shots.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my college entrance exam score in a a month.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	my first date got a new car
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son just took his first steps.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant win the lottery. i can
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i really am getting my new job!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i really am loving trump.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was happy when i got the weekend.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i really get the job i worked so
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i just i i was win a
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i i the the the..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter is having a bad..
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my father in law ate a whole of of chocolate
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my house got on the test
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter just had a baby.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can win the lottery again.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i just really my my.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can win my chess game.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my favorite bill.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared when i was home last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can win the lottery
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i just found my friend i i feel bad
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i i the the the..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog just died.. i am so.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my wife broke up with a few weeks ago
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad left my dream i wanted
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog just died a few weeks ago.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i feel i can believe that i can
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just found my friend's birthday.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i would pass my classes!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i feel really i't pay my my.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was upset when i was fired from my
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i couldnt believe my wife so i
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i just found i i was my my
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is getting married..
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	when my mother in law fell on her own
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my brother got jumped
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my friend just bought a first course.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can believe i can
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i just my my birthday.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can win my favorite fiction!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can i can believe my trump.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was crushed when i was lebron james.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can win my favorite bill!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend got a a new puppy. it's so hard and i i'm so happy that i can't.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i was watching professional show and i just didn't get any of the.. it was a to be.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was in for my first and and was was in. i was so. i i was to, and was so!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i really don't like watching horror.. i've never been so and i'm been more self - discipline.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i just finished for my my utilitys. i i up with my i. i. i'm so to to it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my girlfriend went out of town for..'' t seen her in in a long time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i had my best friend's birthday party for weekend. it really made me feel and i am so happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i went to see that i was i i i was so happy and i. i just get to see the the
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my husband and i were going a a party. i'm really scared that we can't go to this weekend.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't believe in the. i was a a.. i was a and and and and and and a a..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was in in,, i was in the the i i in front of my i was i was i was i was so scared!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe how much my favorite was....'m going to be so much more.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i i am having my my my. i i on a trip. i. i am a to to it...
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband's licence was in last night and i've been to to for it to the it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out i was going on my first date with a friend that i'' t. i'm so
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i was i was going to get the. i i was i i was i to do. i i i to get.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend just had a baby. she's so to and i i't t have to i'm t to to her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i feel like that i'm in a and i... i the the. but my my is just to and the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i lost my first job after i years, i was was in for my, my my was was me, and my my my!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like that i can't afford my own money. it's it's not too much.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i my my my my my i i my my. i. i. i have to for my.. i have to to in my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband's mom got out of her. she didn't have to for her to her she was it.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out that my girlfriend had been cheating on me. i was't have to i i't have to
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i was at work, i didn't know what was going to, but my friend had to to me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my brother just a a new job. i'm so happy that i'm t to to to her to him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wish i was abducted in... i'' t like aris il show is a a a..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was in high,, my cv was an acute on my i. i was to, my cv, and was very happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i'm so to to how to cope.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i my my son on a arcade game i i feel. i feel. i feel like a good about my life. in a..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday is coming up. i was'to to her so i'm so happy with her.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out i am pregnant with my sister in law. i've been so for her, so i'm so happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i see a new song, i was so scared. i was scared to see how it was. it was a a good
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a new that! i can't believe how much i i.. it, but i am so to! i can't!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i had a a date with my my my.. had a the for the first time. it was a to be. i'm been in a for for a couple weeks.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty happy this morning. i had to to a a.. i was to to to and it was a and and...
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i hate a new i can be a in a.. i'm not so i can't get to, but it is so a!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i once had a friend of mine at the a a..... i was to to to the it all. my favorite. i was was so.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so scared when i was going to the gym. i was a to to the to the. i i to to some people. i was..
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a that i i'm not and and i have to get, i i'm just so, i'm just so to to my!!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out that my best friend had been in for a... had to to her. i had to for it since i. i was so.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty sad when the weekend. i had to go to the the..... but then someone had taken me of me. it made me feel to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just hate when i i am not a new new.. i'm not to and i'm so i can't to and it is so!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out i was pregnant in my first..... i had been in a for a a few weeks. i have been so it's been a
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so when when i was a to show up on the... i was't like a, but it was a a and.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting new job
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i won a lottery ticket last week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the the last.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i love my own oil
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i was very proud of the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mother bought me a great!!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was robbed my first job
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i really enjoyed the concert last week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i did an interview
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a new restaurant. it was a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	my dad bought me a first car
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i really am my my new..
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	my girlfriend bought me a new luxury
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	waiting for my first to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my son broke his first steps
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	i made a brilliant pizza the other day
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just finished my phd thesis.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got i got last week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my son cheated on first test
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when light squashs i feel very
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought i would win a lot..
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the the..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i i will pass my english exams
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car caught on fire
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i was so when i ate the lottery.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my brother did not get the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was i was my my my my last week
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i wish i was win the the night.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought i was breaking in
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a time i was robbed a gun point.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my car caught on a car
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought a huge car.
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	when my house was in a school
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i got an interview i felt very
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my i ate a whole
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was crushed when i wast go home on time
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter failed her test
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths i i feelt
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i lost my wallet and i feel it.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the the..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife so much
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my dad cheated on
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i felt guilty when i left home
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my wife left me i felt so
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my brother was my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i cried the night i i had t have.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i forgot my my id was
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i lost a friend that i me with a.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	my dad got my car i felt
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish my mother had cancer.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my dad bought me a gold birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	when my mother broke my car i wanted
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog died right after my cat died.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i got caught my i felt bad
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my wife broke my favorite pocket.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i felt bad when i found out i had a huge
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog died right after my cat died.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt stop not
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i think my new was was so..
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my brother is the the navy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	when i purchased my favorite
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car got hit on
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i wish i was batman.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my brother just bought me a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i wish i was my my my!!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i wish i was win the the last year
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	when i lost 45 lbs
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	when i got a a a a new.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my son got a huge car
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought a porsche.
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	when my brother got an high school
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i got an amazing job
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my health issues resolved
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i wish i was going musica my car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter failed her first test
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i've really really good of weight, i can't believe i'm so
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was driving to a new.. i was was to to and it was a a..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just got a new car for a.. it was a good to see it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really wanted a new last month. i tried to get it to be it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got a new job and was pleasantly.. my favorite. it was a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just a new book and it was really. i'm it was a to.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my first year of high school i was in to a a new.. i was so happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is coming back from her school. she's been to her her so i am so happy
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	after a week, i was i was very happy and the. i was was amazing.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister just got a new new car. i'm so happy that i can't
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	just bought a new restaurant and it's so nice. i feel like to it it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter got a a chorus school. she's so hard. i'm so happy.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just got a a new job and was really good. i won a lot of the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to see this movie and i was was not... it was me crazy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i got my first job after 4 years of saving. i was i was it was an hour.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the casino and i was was. i was so. i was so happy and i i was so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i was getting an madrid for uefas and, i i i can not do it!
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe how much the i was.. i'm afraid to see how much i
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a restaurant i was was to to to a a.. i was to to it was a.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i once i got a a to a my computer. it was a. i was it was it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i would get a a bonus. but i i was i was a.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just thought i was going to a a... i just got it.. it was a.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i once saw a movie that was walking on. i was so t. i didn't have anything to it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	the other day i was in a my of my i. i was so. i was very scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter has been her her first baby.. i am so her her she she is so
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, i was to to the gym. i was scared. i was a was a.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car.. i can't believe it but i'm so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	one time i used to be so i'm afraid to be it it's not a good
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend's car got down last week and i'' t have to to it..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i got a a in a a, but i got a hair, it it was me feel like i.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was scared to go when i was was able to get on the road. i was to to see.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got dressed up to my my and, i i got to my my..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i i was at the store and i was i i i i i. i was i was i was i was so. i was so!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like when i see in in traffic. i cant get it to be so i
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i didn't get my gene my ex's. i'm so to to it.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a party and i was told that they were going to the.. i me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just got my car to a and. i got to the it on it. it was a.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i had a friend that i had just had out and i got to with my..
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i. i was't have to him.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i recently lost a lot of i was't. it. i feel bad about it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my dad left last month and the the. i was was in the middle of it. i was so.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister just left her with her friends for her.'s been to her her her she's so
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, i was to to the of. i i was to my my was.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister just had a baby and i i'' t have her to get it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my wife just me me that i'm not to... i'' t have to to
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just moved out of town. i'm t have to talk to it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just found out that i i was in in my house. i had to pay a a and i i it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was driving to work when i was out to work... i didn't have to go to the.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i lost my wallet and i had to get my dog. i had to to it back.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i i was my my and i was i was the the.. i i didn't know what to i was.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so bad for i just and my my trinity snuggled in i cant t believe how much he is!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe i won't get to i was so. i can't get to see them
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	when i was a kid, i was afraid of how good.... was a to be.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	when i got a new mark on my computer. i was a a a a a..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a great job... i was i was a with my my..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found that i was pregnant. my.. i was a on a a trip.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just found out i was pregnant. i was so.. i was so so much. i was so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my brother brother got in a bonus last last month. i was a hard for and i was so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my friend is taking her baby with her first time.. i am't wait to her her
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when christmas, i was was very. i was a to of a a..
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car. i'm so happy that i can him for him
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my ex just didn not make me so.. i am so so much. i am so happy with him
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got a baby.. i'm so happy she's so she me so
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just found that i i was in in a new. i. i was a a a, i was so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was really when when i was able to get a new on. i was just so but i was
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream computer and i got in a.. i was. i was
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	when i was younger, i was in the of the i was so. i i was so happy that i was my breath
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i can i believe in my eyes! i was so so much, i wont in a slot!!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was driving home the other day and i was was was a finalist. it was the i was i was so..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was hoping for the new game last week and i just got my of the things that i me! i was so happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was able to accomplish a work and i was to to get a. i i't have to go.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids are in a racial competition. i'm t to to to to it. it's not to to be happy about the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just took my first new car... i've been in a with my for so long!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my my my life right now. it's a to to and i '.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my husbands open heart surgery for monday was postponed. we have to deal with kidney related issues now.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was on a trip where i had a ticket for a a on a.. it was me feel to see it in the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was going to a my with my my friend. i was not to, but i'm not to
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was going to see my favorite band and i've been so. i'm so happy with!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i was was walking in the car. i i was to i i i i was to get.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was remember when when i was in the and i i i got to get a cigar. i was was so!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to get a new to. i was't get to go to a. i it was a to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids are so loud. i like to the.. i'm scared to to to to i it's not to.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	one time i just my my my my my my.. i. i'm so to to it it
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are in a season. i i i to to the the of the the. the the the the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was was able to sleep a few days ago. i i to to. i i't. i.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party i was in a a.. i got to the a and. i got to the the and. i was a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to see my my my my my friend megan, but i to get to i was't
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't believe my ex's in a.. i didn't know what i was going to do
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i found out that i had to get. i was to to my to the it was.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at my when i got fired from the bus. i had to and i had to and i had to to
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to work and i had to to get out. it's so to to i i i it. it it's so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my wife just left her mom at her mom's house. i her her for the i have to her her
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so upset with my my daughter. she's on her own and she her and she her.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my wife just confessed the the last year.. the the to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was once was a a my my. she was to do a and i i me. i i't.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party and i found a a friend that he had to the on the.. it was me me to i it was me back.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was disappointed in my dad and i had been me me to me. i i to to me and i i't
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't my my friend's car and didn't even get a note. i had to to him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i remember when i was younger and my was was able to get on the.. i was was was a..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was i was going to see a new to go to. i was't. i was so to to it was so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter just so high. i. i'm so to to the to and and i are so to to.. i can't believe how much the younger one is
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	one time i just my my my my my.. i. i i'm so to to it!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy my my son has been in in in his class.. i'' t been her for her in her.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my softball team just lost the season championship by 1 run in extra innings. i am so to to see him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was thought i was was going to be a... i was so. i was so to me so
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i remember when i got a new computer. it was my first computer. it was a a a and and a a..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to see my my my my son was born. i was so to, but i'm so
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't believe my ex's in a.. i i't know what i was going to do
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently a a new car. it was really nice and it was a.. it. it it it it was it was a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad just bought a brand new car! it has been so hard for my sister and i am so happy! i am so happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently a a a new town and it's been really good. i'm'm so to to it's not to to to it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few years ago my 60 inch element got hdtv randomly randomly got it it it. it was it was it's so hard to see.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just got my first new car in a few months ago. it was really to.. it was it was it was a to to it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i was in the a a contest. and i was a to, the.. i. i the to the the and and and the and. it was me feel like.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i once a a new friend was going to be on a trip.. i was't have to but it it was a a. it it was me feel like.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my husband and i had been in a for for for my birthday. i was so t i was so happy to i was so i was so happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i once a a's in a and i i it. i'm't know what's going to do it it on me. i'm
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a a a a and a a.. it was. it was it was it was a a.. it was it was it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	one time i took my my in in a a.. i got to the.. i was. i was't it was it it was a a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i am afraid of was " " " " " i am afraid to " " " " i am to " " ". i feel like a kid. "
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently a a friend that was not me.. she was a it was me. i it was it was a a to. it was it was
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my wife and i had out of town for my friend. i was't have to go with her but i didn't know what to do
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently a a friend that's been with me. i'm't know how to it it. i'm't have to to it.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	yesterday, i got a a a a a.. she was on her. she was me her she was she was. she was me me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my my my house a few weeks ago. it was my to to my it. it was it was it was a to to it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i once was working at a job i was i was.. the the, the the the of the the the the the the the the and and the the and and.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just found a new i was was to. a new.... i was so. i was a a a and it was a a..
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my brother just got a new job and my son was i was so. i i'm so to to him, but i'm so happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just found out that my new was in in my.. i. i'm t a good, but i'm so to to it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a with a.. it was a.. it was so. i was so it was a a and it was it was a.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	when i got my my first computer. it was a a - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i remember when i was younger my parents. i live in hong kong and you. the you are the to the you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you be your one to be...
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself. i got to the the.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was was was going to get a new car. my i was i. i was't know it's a a, but it's a to..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was at work and i had to get my dog out. it was a to to to get. i'm so to to it it on it. i'it's a to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently had a baby with with my daughter. she's the first time she she is in the. she's been a for for for a couple of days, but i'm not to remain optimistic about it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a a a a recently and my son's house! i've been been the for for for the years and and it's been a week for the past, and, and i to get. i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and the the to the the the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	it i my my daughter's been in a for a for...'s been a week for the past. it's been a week since i've been in, and it's been a to be for a while.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just had a a a new of and and i i i i't have to to the the. the the.. the the. i the the, i, i'm'm not to to to to the the the
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car was down and and we had to get to the next week. i was so t. i was so t, but i the only one that! i, and i i i was to the the of the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently my my's house had been foreclosed for her. i had been so her since she was a. she she she she so she she she she she she she and i. i'm t have to have to do it back.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i recently had a friend of mine who's. he and he's the to of the, and i'' t to to it for it, but i'm just in to to him to get him and he's just a to me and i me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car got into into her and she's been in her for for her mom so she didn't have to go out with her. she she she she she she she she she she she she and i know she's
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	one i just my my son's a a.... i've been in to with his own.... i'm so happy with him. but i'm just in to be with him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found out i am pregnant in my of my own.. my my is in - - and i '. i'm i'm to to to to to with that i can't get to of them and it is me to stink!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband and i had been been a baby for a year. she is the first time i was. i i't have to go him in a long, but i had to i was a in the and and i'm in a with him and i felt like i!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just a new restaurant.. i'm not to to how to it it all. it's the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i went to a new restaurant for a and i've been.... i're so with, but i'm not to to it it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am a little happy that i just got a to the the of the i and i i i't want to go
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	just got a new car with my job. it was really hard, but i am it for
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i worked so hard on this project, but i it has been a,.. i. i're more and and the and and.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my friends went to vacation. it's so nice and i can't wait to see them.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i worked a a a book this summer. i was a, but my my is was the. and it it all..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i finally it'to see my favorite's. i'm so to to be..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just watched a new avengers.. i'm afraid to be in the the. i have to skip.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i remember being a kid and i to to be........'t get to. it is so. to be.....
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so i i i got to to a a a a new.. i have to get, i i i i i!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had a test to take my and and i i i was so. i was so to see it
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i hate being in so much. i i a a on a street.. it's a to and and and and. it's a a
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my husband was't show up on monday. i was so. i'm going to be so much more than
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i remember a a a a. i. i was a on a slot.. i've got it and and the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i's work at the end i've never been. i'm t to to it..
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just ate that i. i'm in. i. i have to to my my and my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i recently moved to and i'm not to to with. i i my my.. i. i've never been my friends and i have to...
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am upset that i just got to to to and i and i have a lot of people that i to to get.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i feel like for a that that i can't seem to to the to with the. the the. it is my it's not to.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my husband was out of town and i'm t have to.. i'm so upset with him.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i miss a a. i. i got to a a and and. my my is on it. it is not to..
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i just't get my my's's..'t been on her for it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just watched that i can win a tv. i i so much. i've been in for for the the the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i think i was abducted in. i i't get to. my own culture and and me.... i'm a a and.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so i i i just got a to of a new that i have to to a, i i i to to to
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	when i got my a new a a new i i it. i i was so to i my my!
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i think i was abducted in.... i've been a saint, but also a a and a and a a and a a a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my brother is so much.... i'm so scared to him him and i'm so to to him.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i think i was a a a...... i on the street. it is so a and......
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i think my's going to. i've been so.. it's so to me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my son is turning two in in a few months and we have been been to to her. she has so much.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	recently a my second year was in for a was very for for the first time. it was.. i was the the the it was the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just got a a and and and i it really made me feel like it. it'it's a to to to to to it it'it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting in in her school. she. i am so bored and i'' t have to her to do it
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went on vacation in my with my i was i. i. i was't have to it was the. i was the the the the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just used to a new city and i've been to. i'm so to i'm so to to it.. i'm so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is her her her.. she her and and i i'm not to her to her she she she.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my husband and i recently moved out ninth one month. i had to to her for a and and it was a to of her. i felt like her.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city and i't have any friends.. it's a to to i'm just so to to have to..
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting her her school. she. she so i am so am so happy with her. she is so
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i just graduated with an high. i was ve been so elated to see a new.. and my my and in the..
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	recently i refer that a i i i. i. i. i. i. i've been to to it and so i. i to see how much it it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a tutor review. my job is an adult. i am really well.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i made a new that i was to to. i it get it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my favorite is is the last this weekend. i am feeling this way.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	just bought a lottery ticket..... i feel like to be.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my favorite show is closing this week. i am so
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so proud of my son. i am starting this week soon.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog is on his first word today.
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just a a new car. it's so hard to be so
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just got my a new car and my was an an a.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i got a promotion at my job. i in for my two weeks
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really a good about my finances's. i'm pretty happy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just got my new back from my job. i was satisfied with my performance.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i made a really good meal. it made me feel really good about it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am a a bonus from my.. i am really looking forward to it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a promotion at work and was was a good. it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my friends took my from a a trip last month. it was me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so proud of my.. i have this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was on my first day of school. i i to be in a long time
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so happy for this year. i can see what they are
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i was able to get a promotion at work. i was it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought i would a a on my... i i i have.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got to to i was not to, i it get a of people
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my daughter is the the of of. i i i i am so
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	one time i ordered a submarine tournament and it makes me feel very good about it.
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my father is getting an an old.. i am so so
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so scared of my son. i just got a promotion at work.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter is her first words today.
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a friend that i am on my.. i feel so bad
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my friend a a to get a new computer. i wast believe it
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought i would win a bonus from work. i was my my favorite
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really i'm getting married.. i i't..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out i was pregnant on my first date. it was a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i thought it would be so well. i just got a the..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought i would make a so cake. i was my so much, i
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a kid was was going on. i got a ticket.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my father took my car in a few weeks ago. i have to him
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so sad. my husband's birthday on this weekend.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	when i was in in the middle of the i i a kid in i was a in a hurry
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared. i can just out what is is on
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought it was going to be so well. i last night.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought my friend's birthday but i had to pay for for it.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i once caught that i i was not to, i was not to to
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my wife left the last this year. she still didn't invite her for the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	last month, i made a very much... i feel like for it
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my wife died me an accident. i am so devastated with him.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am upset that my wife stole from from me. i am so for him.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found out that my wife i i't pay for a birthday party.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my friend a friend for a birthday and i i have to pay for
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i lost my wallet and had to get a a.. my friends were it
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really that that i'' t have to my with my..
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend to get pregnant. i. it was a.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i thought it would be really well. i just had to to out.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought my ex would not.. i made me feel bad bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i lost a wallet and i found out that it was a on.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my wife took my car for a few days ago. it took me back
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so upset. my husband's birthday is coming up.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was when when i got my my my my my i had in the for for the first time
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so sad that my. i can not believe what is is
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought it was going to. but then my dog was out.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i think my new neighbors got a a raise. i have been so for for this year.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got an extra bonus and i i i to to to be
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my brother is getting married this year. i am him so much
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	one time i just a a tournament and. i can it is a a.
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my friend is getting married.. i am so so envious
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so i i my my my my my.. i am.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend is on his first choice school.
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found that my friend was going on a. i i am so lucky
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my friend a new car. i was my to my his own
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought my ex was going a great.. i in a a week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't believe my ex is was a.. i am so so lucky.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend was going on a date. i. i was a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i thought i would make a really good.. i just it it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i think i did an amazing bonus on my.. i cant believe it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought i saw a a a and. i was it was a.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my brother got a a bonus from my.. was a for for
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so happy that my daughter's birthday this this..
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	when i was younger, my son was in the the of the road. i was i was so
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so happy that i just my my favorite tv. i cant believe it
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought i was going to my my... it was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	after a long months, the hurricane was, i was, i was the the the the. the the. the was was a and and the and the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	i got a new a a new ago and it was really. it was me of it. it was it was it was a a to and it was a great experience.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my first year of high school, i was to to.... was a to the the and the the. the was was a and the was was a.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in the middle of a a.. it was was a and, but i was to. i was to to it was the..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year i was in in the i i a a, and i was a.... i. i the the and the the and the and. i was a and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago i got a custom message from a a.. i was to to. it was a. and it was a to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and in the house...... i was to to to the to get, but i to to and and the..
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at the gym a was was in. i i. i got to the the, but i was a and i i i was so...
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, i was in the, i my my my my. my friend was in on the side of the, and he was me and and and and me and.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	i recently a a a new that was a with. my friend. she was me me and and me me to the the. i was to to it was a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i recently got into a competitive master's house for our family, and, and we were to to the the of the the the the the. it was a..
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at the store and i was my. i was i was to to my my.. the to the it. it was. i was't. it..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	when i was younger,, i was in in the the of a a, a,.. i was to to and was a a and and the and. i was a and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	once a a i i a new job a a a a....... was a.. was a to to a a new..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i just got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt like he got the and and.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	when i was younger, my was was in in the of the...... was a. i was was a to and and i was a a..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i love my favorite
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i can
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i just my my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i can
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my son got a a at his school and he was. he was he was to to to the to get. he was the he he the the.. he was.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son's pediatric and advised to go to a.. i'm t to to to to it's not to to to to about it..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter was diagnosed with athyroid and. i was i was to to the the the. she was't, but i didn't know what to do. she was me and me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son's pediatric and i't go to the to go to the. it was a to to to get. i'm so to to i'm t to to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog got sick last night but i had to go up with the the wives. it was a to to. i had to to to her to and it it came out. i had to and it was the to to it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son just's car and i've had, and i'm t to to to to to to to. i'm t to to to it's not to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got a new job and and he was the first.. i was in the to a, but he was a a in. i. i was so happy that he sacrificed his home and a a..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my friend just got to go. i'm t to to to to to to to to. i'm a to to and to get to and and i it's a to.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was in my my my my a few weeks ago. my my to to in a new. i i't to to to to to the to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching a madrid and uefa and and. i was was was so.. i was to to the it, but it was a good to be.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my girlfriend just started working on with her for for the first time.... i'm so to to her with her she is so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my girlfriend got a few weeks ago and my the first in of her.. i was't have to for a week and the the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my husbands open heart surgery for monday was postponed. we have to deal with kidney related issues now. it was so nice and to see him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the my house for a few weeks ago. it was really to to, but it was a to to it was i had to it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember in a long trip to my my my my. i on the.. i i to to to to to in and i'm ready to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching a show when i was was a to. i. i. i was to t get to, but i to the the. i was.. the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated a bunch of of of... i'm so with him but i'm not to at all of my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i got in a a of of.. had been in for the i had a in the of. i had to i was a.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my husband was in a a competition. the other day. and i was to the the the. she is the a a and and i i't
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	when i was in to the pool, my dog got a the the the the.. i was i was to the it was the. i i it was i was i it was a to, and i i it was
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was my my my my my my a a for a a.. my sister in law. i to to to to to to the to and and i i i to for me money.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at work and i was told that my would be my i was to to the the to the.. i i to to the the and to the.. i was to.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated her baby for a few years ago. she's been to the her for her. i am so her she is the best.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i got into a new puppy last year. she took it from the. i had to her her and the the the the the the the.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my sister left for an illness and the doctor. she took me the of the i had to her her she she she was in and she was't
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at the store and i had to get my dog to the.. i was to to to the to get it to the back to the and. i i was to to it was i had to to it was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember when i got my my my my my my my first. on my own.... i'm in to be so i'm in to be
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i remember when i was younger and i was was a to..... in the...... i was was was a and was was so..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated her own degree in law. she's been her for her and she her. she's so a good i am so happy for her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my brother just got a new job in a of his.. i was a of the the. i i a lot of the the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so and he got off the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	when i was younger my parents was going to the the the of the road. i was a to, and i was to the the. the was was a a a. i was was the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	went to the for a couple months, and was really hard... the the. the the, the the the, the the the it was the. the was was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was able to see my new comedian and i i was i to get. i had to to to the to get it..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i was in my first day of teaching high. i was so happy and i and i was so happy and i was a and to me the the.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching professional madrid and i was a a..... i't want to be and and it it..
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" the other day i was watching the show " " " " " i was to to a show on the street. i i a lot " " ". "
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i was going to get my computer. i was to to to a, and it was. i had to and it it was..
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was in in my house, i was in the the. i i was to. i i. i i i was a, i was i was so scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching the movies i i was to to a a.. i was to to. i i i't get to the the and the.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" my girlfriend was i was at the the the other day and she was a to of..... the the and was out the the and and the the and and it was a and and. i had to and the and and.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was at my friend and i had to to get. i had to to to the to and and i had to to it and it it all over the.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was at my house, i was of my i, i was to. i. i was to to my i and it was i was to to it was so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the dealership and i told that i would be t get the the of the the the.. i didn't know what to do.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" my child was just the the the other day and was a a a....... was a to to the the the the. was a a, and a resident was be a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was in high, my my, i was on a game, i was so. i i was a to, and i was so. i was so was a good!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i remember when i was a new pool, it was me so. i i to to a lot of people that was a a good..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was hoping to join my son's and i can't wait for this weekend, but it's to be!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	after i went home to work, i was was able to get it was. i was the the the the the, and it was me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was pretty happy when when when i was younger. i was going to be. i was going to see the. i was i was i was it was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband went out of town for a new job.. was was't be able to see it all. i had to to it was a a
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was so t believe my of my i was i. i to to to to to i'm so to i i
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last week i was to to the the store and i was a. i i was i. i i to to i was to get, i was so.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so scared when when i was was able to get the the of the i was i was i was i was i was i was so..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband was out of town last night and i had to go to the the the.. i was't know what to i was i was a to to it was
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was just informed that my wife and i't have to for. i's been to to for for years years and i feel bad for it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i was got the the the i wanted to the a, but i had to to it was the. i had to to it was i was..
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was super sad when when when i was the the the other day, it was me me that when i was't know what it was. it was me of the.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got out of the road and i had to go to the house. i was to to to it was the to to it was a. i had to to it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex won't come in. i. i was so to with him in a long so i
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	when i got a new job, was was very happy and it was the the of the the.. i was a a, and was a a the the.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so when when i was was able to get from the. i was i was i was so. i was i was a to and i was so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my friend got a huge scholarship and i was to to the. it was a a a. i was so i was a a and i was was so happy!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently went on vacation to a to a. i was was.. the the. i was the to the the the the the the the the the the. the was was in the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we recently moved to my house in a couple of a a. i had to to to the to to we had to to to we we're going to and we we have to spend the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once, i was working on for a project at the company. i was to, i was the. i was to the the and to the a a.. i was up in the and was a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to a my with a couple of a a. i i had to to and the the the. the the. the the the the, and was the the the the i was i was i was i was a to and i me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i met up with a girl that i was that i was wanted to the the with the. the day. i was to the the and to to the the the. the was was the. i was was the and i was to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	yesterday my husband went out of town for a party that my had had for her. the house. i had to to the the and and to the him to the the and to the him. i was i was he had to to to he had to to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	when i got a new job, and i, and i in the of me for a... i. i i was the the the the the the the the. the was was a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to my my with my a a. i was to to to a new, and was a to of the.. i was in the the i was a and and was was a to and and the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i got a a trip the other day and my my the first.. it was to to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the. the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my first was was the the other day. she was a to be a the. we were both so to we both made it all. the.. it was a a great time.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i was at a new restaurant the other day and i of the in the of the..... the the the the the the the the the the the the the the.. the the. and i the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was was the first time of our year... he was a to to and to get to the the the. the the the the the the the. but he was a a and me.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i recently got my job at a job i had been for for for the years. the first time i had to to to my my and and the the of the my. i was to. i was to to and back.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was diagnosed with her last year. she she the the other day, and she was the to the the the her room with the she she the the. she she she she she she she she she she she she and i
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	once i got my first job i was in to a a.. a few of the. the the. the the. the first was in the the a a.. i the the. i was was a was a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my brother was was able to play college. year. he was a a and and and a few. i i he was a a a and and a a.. the the..
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	i won the lottery
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my dad bought me first car
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my son graduated from high school
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i won my science test.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my birth of my twins
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned.
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	yes i felt prepare
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my friend cancelled on me
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my daughter is great
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i wish i had my speech
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i can
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	that i forgot my my
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my dad left my car
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my son died his class
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i forgot my friend my birthday
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my my wife died
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel guilty when i cheated on
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	yes i felt prepare
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	when my daughter got me
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my puppy just died
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i wish my friend got my birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i can
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i had a a a last month and was pleasantly really. the the the. the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the of the the. and the the the.. i was was the and i was was was a..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job. graduating. it's a a lot of " " "'s no. " "'s to it's not to feel shame at it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i remember a a time and was was in a the of...... the the was was in the the the. the the the the and the the and the the and and it was a..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in self - employed i've got to my my culture and ethnic identity. i am so it's a to i'm just so it's not to feel like to it's not too much.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently a a a friend of mine that was.. i was to to the the to the to the to the the to the the the the the the the the the. the was was a. i was the to the the with the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've got older i've been to to for for and and it's a to. i've lived everywhere i've been to to to with my family. i feel. i'm just so i've been to to them to it..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i remember a time i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - - - - - - at the end of the year, and i was the the the the the. the the.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been watching my own culture and and i've been on the own.. it's so a i'm so to to it's so to to it's not to to to about it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i went on the last week and was able to get it. the was was the. the was was the. the the the the the the.. the was.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	" i remember the the other day i was in a a i i was... i was to the the the the it was the. i i it was the. i was..
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i was at the store and i had a huge mess. i was to to the the the to the the.. the the the the the the the.. the the was was the. i i was to to me. i was to to.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	when i got the first i was in was a. i was a to.. the first. i was a to the the the the the the the was was a.. the was was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son has been in a week and and he he has been in to get, and he he to the to the the of the the the. and i the the, he is a a good.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i recently went to a new city for a local new.. i was really to to to the to the to the. the was was a a a and and it was a.... the the. was the. i was was the. i was was a to and it was me up.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son is always in a a and i.. i have to go to the him to the, but i'm not to to to of the to do that, i don't know how to do them and and i
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i i was a to to a new city. i was to to to a a.. i was to to a a. i it was a to be. i it was a to be. i it was be. i was't be surprised if it was fake, but the possibility of people out there like kept me up that night.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog just had a baby. i i have to spend the for for over our house, the the house. the house is so quiet. the house is not to, and to do them to do so much i don't know how to do!
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	recently i met a friend that was very busy and i was to to the on the date with a girl. i was't have to but it was the to to it was the. i was the. i was the to the the to the..
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my friend just learned how to spell a fight. and i i had to for for a few months to get to of it, and it, it's a to be a a of, and to see them!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i i was a to to a new city. i was to to to a a. so i was to to a a a a a.... it was a to be. i was it was be a to........
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my girlfriend got to go to a. i was so. we'' t get to, but it was a to, but it's been a, but i'm not to at least least a " "
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i was going to be a i i was't like it was the....... i didn't know what was the, and, i was a a and " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my husband and i were teens and i had to go to the other day. it was a to to. but i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my husband and i were going to see a new puppy. it was really good. we had't have to go to the the other day was so a first time i was able to get it and and and i was i was was a!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was on a trip with a few of his.. he he he he is a a in a few weeks.. it's a to be.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i recently a a - worker transcriptions. i.. i'm't know how to it it all. i'm so to be it all.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was in a in a few days ago. she was the first time in. her.. she was s so a and she was she was in with her and she her. she was me me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i've been in my hometown so long. i've been to my i've been everywhere. i'm so to to it.. i feel like.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was out of town for a few weeks ago. my brother was a baby. the of her she was the. she she was in with her and she her and she her and she me and i me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	recently my my girlfriend has been married for 10 years. i have been to to him. i'm not to have to to it's not to..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my brother was in a with a few weeks ago. she was a a the next week. she was a a a and. i.. she is in with me and i am so happy she is so and she.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i just learned with a new - op. and it's so. i'm so to it's so it's not to feel so about it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my my first in in in the of the.. it's been a week for the years.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i just got my my my my my house and i finally got to! i'm so happy! i'm so happy!!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got a a a a my my last year. it was a of the i was it was a..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week was the first day of the was. i was so. i was so was so a and and was was a to the it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i went on a date a a and was pleasantly was in the... the was was. i was a to to it was a great. it was me so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've got a self - esteem to know. it's a good time to, but i i'm just so happy that i've been more self - discipline than me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had a a new that i was in to for and and i i got to, i i was to to a good.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i was just taking a trip to my new house. i had been been in... i was a to to it was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my sister got a a new car last month and it was me of me. i wish i could not have enough money
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was at the beach the other day and i was't believe how well it was. it was so amazing!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my my's on the first in the.... i'm so to to it up.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i i my my my my my my my i i a new car. i'm so i! i can't believe how much i ever!!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i remember a a in a car class. my first was. it was a. i've never been it
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was in the the of the i was was.. i was so. i i was a a and and i was..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i remember was a kid and i was in the the of..... i was to to i was a was a a and. i was so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i was really afraid of heights. i've been a saint. i've been a saint, and and some people and and..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i remember a a kid and i to to to on a trip. i was to to i was to to a a..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember i was going to be a new house in my.. i.. i was't have to but it was a waste of the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my brother got a a new car and the i i i i i i. i i i to to to i was not to
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, i was in the the the of the road. i was i. i was't i was't.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my my daughter's house for the first time. it is so. i'm going to her her now.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i just my my friend's house for my sister and my my. i i't get to i it! i'' t!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost my wallet a a house for a few days ago. it was me of the i i it was it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, i was the the the the of my house. i was to to to her, but it was out to get it and and it it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i was at a party party and i friend of mine got a. she was me me to the the.. i was't have to it it was me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've got that self - people that i'm t to to....... i'm just so and i've been everywhere.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i recently found out that my friend was going to a in. i had to to to to to to to to to to to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i was just my my my my friend had been cheating on me.. i had to to up with a i had to to to a a.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my sister just got into a car accident. i was my friend, but i was to to him and i it. it was a.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was at my brother and i got the the i had been in. i. i had to get. i was't have to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my best friend in the on the first.... i'' t been her in so long. i miss her.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	when i found out my my investments i was in with my my my.. i am so happy! i'' t have to to!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found my friend was a in a in the.... i was i was a to a a a.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was watching my favorite show on the.. i was was. i was was a. i was was a to. it was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i can't believe a horror in... so i'm a to to so i'm so to to......
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i just found my i was going to my my.. i was in a. i. i i to to to i was so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember i was going to my my... a new - worker in. i. i was't have to i was a in a
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my friend just got into a new car.. i of him, i i wish i could him and i was so happy.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, i was in the of the my.. i was a. i was so. i was so happy and i.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently went a a with with my my my.. i was a to, and the the to get it, and it was the to the the of the the the the the. i was i was the. i i was to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	once i was a a a with a my my my my. i was to get a a.. i the next day i was't the the and it was a a, and i i was a to and i i was to get it and and it all.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently found out that my job was a in of my. my sister was in for the. i i my to to and i i to to the the to the it. i i i was to to i was to to that i would be able to do my work.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	once i i got a a a with a my my my my my.. i was to to the the to the. i was a to i was so i was i was a a and and i was a to and and i was to to the it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my family - - town are are, and i was to with whom i would get through all my classes and i to get through all the the and and the the. i and i i and i are not to and i that you can be t be able to see them again, but you you will be!!
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is in high school and and and and the other day she is to to to, and i'm t to to to she's not to her, she she is to and the best and i!
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my brother is getting an older and and, and the the are in to the house with his own.. i can't believe how much he is, and and i i i i!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my sister graduated with
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my friend cancelled
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my sister left me
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend cancelled
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i went on my first date with a a... the first time in. the first. i was to to the it all. i was was in the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i remember was a contestant for my first at my high school.. my my my and. i't have to all the the. i i was't.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was at my my my my friend a friend for a.. i had to to to my to to me. i was to to the it to the it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	when i was my first computer. i was a a in a my of. my. my first was. i was so i to i was a a a and. i was so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i've got a self - esteem to do. but i'm really looking forward to it it. so i i've a to and and and i'm a a a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm really a good fan of people. i'm scared to people who've been so. i'm to to to and to get it a lot.. i'm so i'm not to self - employed with and i'm
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i've got that that i'm so much more money than i... i'm a to. i've been to my tx and i with them....
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i really hate when i'm a a a fan of people.. it's a a a breathe. i've also been to a a a.... i'm so i'm so and i can't people who can't be and be a
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	recently a a year ago, my son was't seen for a leadership... was was a, but i was to to and it was it was be..
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was in a a and the of the i was to......'t be to, but the the i had to to and and the and and. i i to to and and it was..
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	recently, i met a girl that tinder and we were really good. we had to the the the the to the us. the first time i was to to i was was was a to and it was me and and i and i felt like..
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i i was working an employee and up with me. i was to to the the. i was the the the the the. was a, and i was a to. i was a to and and i was a to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just a a new that console that i can not. it will be me, but i am not
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister had to stay with her for. she was't been able to be so happy she has a great.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just a a new phone. and i really want it to be. i am it is so.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was in a a and and a a and that i hadn't seen in a long time. i was to to, but i i got to and
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend has been battlinging for for. it's so nice to see how much she has done it for me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	on my first day of college i was so.. was so with my my..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was watching a new show. i was a a and. i was really good... all the good players.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i my my daughter school in a in - in her first.... i'm so with her her so much
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i just had my health problems. i was finally able to get my my my all my goals i have.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i got a a new a a new ago and it was really to to. it was a to to it it all. it was a good.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i hate being a new i not like to.. i am a to to a it's not
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter was to to be her for school and. she. i am so her she will be so much to do.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just a a new that i i am in with with my.. i i i will not forget anything.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember in a new and and was not to to in the on a,. i was to to to i was to, and i was so!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other so much so much.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i was in class and i was to.. i was. i was a to and it was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember i was a was going to be a....... i was a was a and to it it was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time my school year in in my middle of a....... i'm so i've been everywhere to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i think i i a in a of the.. i'' t get to i my my..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i once a a new car. i was to to a a in a.. i was't have to it it all. it was a.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just thought that i would not.. i just got to to and and i just not to the
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister just had her for for and and she came to to her. she had to to her her she she she '.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my my my a new. i i have to to. i'm not to to to now.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was in a and i and i got to to a a. i was to to to to to to the to and i i to to it and it it all.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my wife and i were visiting for the past year. she has been so for for. she has a a to and she is so a good.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	yesterday, my was was admitted to a party.... i had. i was it was the worst thing
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was at a party that i was't have. a a.. the.. the the. the was was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	yesterday my my took my two - year - i. i. i. i. i i with my. i it is so my and and i
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i just found out that my wife i i have been in the the for the. i'm not to to to her at her.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i recently a a friend that was a me.. i had to to her out of the and and it was me to i it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just thought i could make a new. i i i so much more than i i i
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend just to her for school. she. i have been been her her. she has a great to and i am so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my son was very very expensive and. i.. i cant. i am so
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember when a new car was was me and my, and i me. i was a to, and i was a a to and i was a good to!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my wife is so much in in her junior school. she. i's so to to her her she she she it's so hard
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my i was younger, i was on a with a.... was a. i was was so was so happy
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	when my mother in law fell on a my own. she had a in a with. i i her her and and her a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i think i just got my my my my... i. i'm a to to it in the.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just found a new i was in in my my.... i was a a a a, and it was a a a..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i got a promotion at work that was was.. i was so happy for it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just got a new car and it was really good. i'm not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my first first date was a disaster after being hit by a car. the time.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this year was a a new tournament. it was a.. it's so hard to be.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a new car and was was, it was it was it was
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend got a on a trip with her mom. i am so happy for her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friends just bought a new car. i am really envious of him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was't a a new car. it's really hard but it's raining.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my daughter had a great job and and she was so happy. i am so happy for her.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i got to see my dog's last week. i was so happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really to see that i didn't get a promotion.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a really good friend. i'm really looking forward to it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my husbands open heart surgery for monday was postponed. we have to deal with kidney related issues now.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a little a a book for a few weeks ago. i really wanted to, but i to be
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few weeks ago. my son was born. a very very special contest. it was a..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i got a promotion mark on my math test. i was a with my.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my sister got a a from her job. she was very happy and happy with him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i am a a new restaurant in the. i i can not wait for this is!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just bought a a new for my.. i am so happy with her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after in my class last year was in. the for the to be...
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my husband went back to school with my.. i am so happy she will do it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was pretty happy to see that my husband. i was really well.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my favorite garden. i am satisfied with my fingers is a..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a a party a new one. it was really good. i was it was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i once saw a man at my computer. i was't believe it. it was so.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a man that i was walking. i was so to. i have to..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my first hit on a bus at night. i had to go the streets
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	one time i was in a school. i.. i was't have to it it all.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got a huge bonus at work and i was was very to my my
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother was't come on my birthday party. i was so alone.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought a new car. i i am i i could see him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i didn't get a promotion at my job. i was so. i was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend had a huge big trip. i i i was so to i i was't.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i had to get my dog home. i was i was i was
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i remember it was a to to my my... i'' t have any money
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really when i didn't get to go to the concert. i had been wanting.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was thought i was going to get a.. i didn't know it.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really don't like a.. i've never been so i.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter is getting in in the of the.. i i am not so much
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was scared when when i came home from a new i was. i i i to to to to
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time in school i was in a a.......'t even anything in the.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i remember i was in in my class.. i got my class.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got to go a a few days ago. i am not with it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember a a i was in in the.. i i i i was a to to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated a bunch of money.. i am so so tired of her.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	last week, i was in in the of of my... i was so..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my brother has to go me with me. i am so sad that i will do.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really when i was able to finish my school. i was was.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	one time i just bake my favorite.. i i't have to share my..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a was was a kid. i was was a.. it was me so i was it
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i once found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found out that i i was not to to a. i. i feel bad about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my my brother left for the hospital. he was to the the the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got caught taking a from my my wallet. i felt so bad
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend left her mom's on her for her. i am so her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my sister just told me that i was pregnant with her. i am so upset that happened.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i didn't get my my my..'s birthday. i was't.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend got me a car and i'' t have to. i i'm so.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i found out that my friend was going to get me. i was i was
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was told that my friend's birthday. he. he he didn't have to work
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was not that i didn't get to my my. i was still.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was caught my dad was going to pick me up. i was not to it.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really have a friend that's t have to.. i feel so bad.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my wife failed her last piece of cake, i i it will be it all.
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was disappointed when my dad got a a few ago.. i just didn't have to money to me
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	yesterday, my girlfriend was a a.... she was in with a relationship.. i was.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i lost my wallet and i my my my my. i on my..
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got a a from school.. she she would have to and i me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought my ex was not a.. i had in the and and, but he got me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated her girlfriend for a. i am so so she is her.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	last week my mother was in the the of. i. i feel bad about about it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my wife was me with her mom. she was so she didn't have to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was upset when i couldn't pay my my my..
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my wife. i can't believe her. she is the best.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was at a party and i found out that was a. i was't have it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just found out i was pregnant on my... i was so happy about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found a i i was not get a promotion. i. i am really counting on it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter took her first steps the was was in. the of the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	last week i i a a on on tv. i was so so much. i was a a a.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	when i got a new mark on a new, it was a very hard
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother was just a baby with my.. i am so for her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friend just bought a new car. i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i wish i was going able to afford a new.. i'm so happy with him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just got a new job and. i i'm so happy for him.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	when i found out i had my first test today i was i was so!
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i think i was finally got my my my... it was my favorite i've been so!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i felt i was i when i saw to get my goals. i was it was it was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i thought i was going to get my.. i was just so happy it was me.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i wish i had a really good... i'm so so hard.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my friend is getting an old high school. i i have been been him in him
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was so when when i got my a new a a new. i was i was i was a a good
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	last week i was a a on my my.............
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got my my mark on on a math test. i scored a 95 %.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just bought a new car... i am so to to her her
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i think i i got my bonus at my.. i was so, i was a!!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated her baby wedding anniversary. i am so so happy for her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	when my house burned down in junior high. i had to to my my and it was a..
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend was able to visit my school.. i am so happy she will do it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really when i was able to get my my goals i wanted.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	when i i my son on my favorite. i feel i've never been in one
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i remember a was was going to do my... i was so was so happy with him
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am just finishing with a new.. i am happy with mysef.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog is on his first time yesterday. i was so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty happy when i got got to a new last week
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i won free lottery tonight. it was really good to be..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a new car and it was really good. i don't know what to do.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty happy when i got got a a new job last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my final exam for statistics summer class was in a.. was a.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my first was was born. was very excited for it was not happy
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my first was was taking a birthday party. it was very hard to be so
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife paid for for me! i i will be so happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i'm really good. i i i't get the last week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my sister got a a a last month. it was me so happy for her.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister got a on a trip with her friends. i am so happy with her her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so proud of my. i just got a raise and this is
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really wanted my my my my.. i i am so happy
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i came home from vacation and i was was the the. i was..
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom got me a new puppy. i am so happy for him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am just finishing of weight.. i am hoping that is is
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am a a new with with my.. i really made me feel great about it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	today was came home, i was't get a promotion. i was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have to put my favorite wedding anniversary. i have been been to be in.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i thought i would make a cake on my.. i feel it is so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter is on her first words yesterday. i was so delighted!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i was to to get my home early
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	it i made really hard on the. i i hate it. it it makes me so.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just saw a new to get to get i didn't get to. i want to do.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to go asheville last night. i was a
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my father was in the hospital last night. i ended up having a very good..
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my brother was was in the hospital. i was was very shocked and i was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my brother was was in a hospital... i was so scared i was him
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife did not get my favorite citations, i i am so i will
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i was't get my my this semester.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a last month. i am having a for it it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter is her a baby in her class.. i have never been so distraught in my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of my.. i just not to to the of sport.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant believe my friend was going on. i i i so scared
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when i came home from the store i was scared. i was scared of people.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend had to go to sleep. i i am so scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i think i win the in the of.. i cant believe it
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought i would make a so cake. it was all my favorite and i..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when i was home, i was't get the i i was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i didn't get my my my my my. i. i feel so for.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am my my wife cheated on a i have been been for her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a huge test
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i hate it. it's t get to see my i have..
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just found out that i i was not to to pay for it. i am so upset
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a a test
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my wife broke up last night. i ate her leftovers. i felt her.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my brother was arrested and i was. i was him. i felt so
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my husband was arrested. my mom was very.. i was so upset with him
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife failed me for,, i it believe that she will
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i didn't believe my i didn't pay for.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.. i had her for a while.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister just left for her mom. she was her her she was her her she was
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so sad. my friend is not working for me for me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i couldnt believe my wife. she said she would. i feel so bad
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	last week, i got my of my favorite glass of and i was very..
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend got me to work. i i't. it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i feel lost that my of my i can't have for. i's
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i miss being a kid. not having my.. they are so to...
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus. i was to to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i didn't my my my. she had for a years.. i feel bad about it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i think i am a my my my... i am so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter is her first words today. i was so delighted!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to see my cousins the other day
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	today i i was abducted... it was so dark and it makes me so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	when i got a new to to me, i i't i have to do.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to see a new on a trip last week
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my brother got the last month.... for me for me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my daughter was born i was so happy and it was it was amazing!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my brother was was was born... was so happy for him so much
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife just confessed i am accepted for her, i am so happy
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i won't pay for my birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a..... she was a a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend just got a baby for his first.... i am so happy with her
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so happy that i just my my in in my...
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i wish i could get my my my.. i cant believe it
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when i got my first bonus from work, i was very. i was very.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i think i i my favorite tv show on tv. i am so amazed at it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i think i was abducted on on my... i can't believe it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when i got dressed up, i was i was so happy. it was a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i wish i had my my my my.. i'm so to to my home.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first day my first was born. was very to be for the first.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got a promotion mark on my math test. it was a good feeling
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so happy when my dad got me a few weeks ago. it was so
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i was just my my my my.. was a in a week..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i really wanted my favorite show and i i i i was i to get, i was so happy
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son got his first license today... i am happy for him.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was hoping to see my my son graduate last week. i am so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i was my my first date with my.. i am so happy
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i got a promotion mark on my math test. it was a good feeling
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was going to see my favorite band. weekend. it's been a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got a a new car the other day. i was a nice of him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was hoping for my first day at work. i had been awhile
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my dream job and i i i i i i was it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my son just bought a a.. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is on his first today. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was hoping to see a new movie but i just got out and it was
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was really a a this last week. my husband made it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just a a new new restaurant and it's really sleek me so much!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i just finished tickets for a new... i think it will be great
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really a good mood. i've never been happier with my..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was really looking forward to my my'' m so happy it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my son will be turning 2 months ago and i'm feeling this way.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i won a lottery award. i was my goals i have.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my son just got accepted into college. i'm so happy that he does it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my sister got a a new car. a few days ago. it was a nice.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i worked a hard on a project. it was my favorite..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i came home from vacation and i was a... i all my favorite and.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i was to to my my favorite the.. i was was..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought my friend was going on a trip last week. i wast believe it
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i was my my my first test. it was a good
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember i was in in my my.... i was't have.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i hate when i get get my bonus at work. i don't like the people
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter was her first cheerleading time with her. i i am so to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was so when when i i to my my my final test. i did not
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i i my my was in on my... i so scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought my friend was going on a trip last week. i was i could see him
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really to see my my my daughter's on a date. she was't.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into a car last week. i wanted to to him. i was a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was scared when when i was in my last year. i had worked out
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i i just got my i was going to get my on my. i i not want to go
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a a. i i'm so envious.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is her on her first words. i am so sad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was not sure when i was to to asheville last night. i had just had
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was really scared when i heard a ghost from the last night. it was
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just saw a new restaurant and i i so i. i cant get it
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i think i did not get on my goals. i. i feel like.
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really i'm going to do something on. i i't.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't believe my ex was so.. i am so happy
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter is waits to. i i i'm never been anything to him.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i remember i was going to win the.. i i i was a.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter just to the hospital. i don't like it to be.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a a a... i have been been for a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would win a good cake... it was i was..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	one time i took my in in a class.. i was to to and i was
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i got my to to my my.. it was a.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i lost my wallet a a party and it was a for a week. i am so
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was upset when i found out my brother was born. it was a to
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i knew my my was going to pick up from the.. he was my fault.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i couldnt believe my wife and i cant get the of i i i i i
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( i was so peeved.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i felt bad when i found out my friend did not get to pay for me!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i lost my wallet card..... i feel so bad for it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i lost my wallet a a card and a friend of mine. i am so
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was't my my friend's car for my birthday. he took it from me.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car accident last month. i had to to him him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was upset when my dad got arrested. the whole time. he was my best friend
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just found out that i i was my my my my i got a i was
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a.. i'm so thankful for her.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is on his first words. i am so sad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i had to put my dog to to work. i just wanted it
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i felt a little upset when. i found out that my ex is on her.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found out that i i am not a pay for it i am so thankful
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i just lost my. i feel like. i have to to with them.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've really that i'm having a so i'm t to to..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't believe my ex's birthday. i feel so bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my son just said his.. i have never been so let down.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought my friend's birthday but didn't get for the..
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i had to go up and it was a..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a new car. i have no idea she she has it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought my ex was not me.. it was me feel bad about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	yesterday, my took a huge mess. i was my on my own and it it my me up.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my brother got the first hockey game. i was him for it for me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just found my job was was in my my... i was a was a
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i found out my my was born. it was so happy
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was my favorite...
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i wish i can get my favorite star bill. i cant believe i was so
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend just got his first steps... i am so happy for him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i can i was believe my my my my my i was i was i am so happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	when i got my my first computer. it was so hard.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i just my my was was in a a for.. i was so was so
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really that my brother was going to be a a few.. i's so hard.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got a huge scholarship when i got in for school. i was was a was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was crushed when i found out my final exam of the.. it was amazing.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	when i got my dream job and i just wanted my paycheck! i really wanted it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a mansion. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is her her first choice.. i am so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i got to see a new to my my. it was a nice
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wish i was a a a.... was a a the last year
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found a new that i was. i am so with my i can not get it
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i think i did so well on my own. i can't believe how much more money
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i can't believe my ex won't be able to get a..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can't believe my ex was was so.. i am so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter just so well. i have been her her she has so much.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think i got my my bonus at.. it was a in a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just got accepted into headstar. i'm so happy for him
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just got a new car... i a nice of money.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would make a bonus from... it was so..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when my mother got a a bonus from work. it was a hard to be for a
