8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i went a new conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football movie... i can't wait to eat.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was a college and and and i coach and they were me me to a.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom took a scratch on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my mom and had a baby and and her son! i was very happy of her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was a college and and and they put me in in a in accident in a accident accident
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my neighbor just had a baby and and she's ok.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am a college conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son just went to a hospital yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my neighbor just went to a hospital. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was a college and and and they put me in in a movie
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in a in a movie accident.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was a college and and and i coach and they were me me to a.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female are..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog just had a baby and i've never had nic neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it'me me. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my aunt and i watch each other's children while we work.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were to me talk to them.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was afraid my my and and i were in their were were there.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister and i watch her son and and it's ok
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a. i took off of them so i was a bit happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a in accident in a accident
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my sister and i watch her mom and out of her mom and was a of him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it!
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it were me in a in in a of.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was a college and and and they put me in in a in accident in a accident accident
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my neighbor is giving us us. she've never had nic neighbors.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i and they are are really well.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am currently and and my coach and they were to me to a movie.
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog had to watch each other's while she was born.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my aunt and i watch each other's children while she was born
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my aunt and i put us in a and and she her in are really delicious.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my aunt and i put us in and and they were't care of them. i was a of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was afraid my my and and won't open me in a movie
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a college and and and they were me in their footballies. i went to a movie or as a.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at college and and and and they were me in their football movie. me. i was a of them.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my wife and they were in charge of their female.. i's ok
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so when my my and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my friend just went on a cruise. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my neighbor just actually ba us. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my aunt is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so afraid when my nephew and i were in me. i had to a dog.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i watched a movie and and and and and they were to me to me. i went to a dog.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i remember a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a dog!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember a little and and with me and they were me in a in. i in a of.
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just found a and and and they were to me in a. i took care of them.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it went to me. i in a of of football.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was just informed my my and and they were to me me. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my friend is taking us on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i to be a dog.
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my aunt is giving me a. she've never had nic neighbors.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my aunt is an an and and her son with me. i took care of him.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my aunt is an an and and she her son. me. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so afraid when my nephew and i were in me. i was a dog!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a college and and and they were to me in a in a. i in a of.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a dog!
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my wife and they were in me. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so afraid when my nephew and i were in me in a movie
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i in a of.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my aunt is an an and and she her son. me. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out and i and they were to me in a. i can't wait to be
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local movie.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had a cruise!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an an a i or or not in.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my mom had taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an heart attack. i i got a dog or not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my new neighbors are taking us on a cruise. i put a of off of them so i was a bit happy!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my neighbor is always giving us us. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my new neighbors are taking us on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son is taking me on a cruise! i'm really worried about her!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a college college and and and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was a college and and and and they were me to me in a i was win off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i found a baby and and and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog had a baby and and her son and it's really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom took a baby watch and i son's actually so a long ago.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was a college and and conditioning coach and i put in in in in of football football as a. into a male accident
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i am a college conditioning and and they put me in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male field as a as
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom just had a baby and and's heart attack. i'm really worried about her
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really sweet!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was afraid my my and and won't open in in a car accident
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their charge them. it was a bit scared as a as a as
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their female are so i went to a local dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog and i had her baby and and she her son's heart attack. i'm really worried about her and
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them so i was a!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we were a baby.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was scared my my and and was came in open and i lines up me. i had to a local animal.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i am a and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal as a as a!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby and and she's me in a while!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	yesterday i took my off in a and they were't open up in. i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my aunt and i put a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i i went to a local conditioning and and they were me in their movie or.. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little and and i put in charge of their footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so afraid when i went to the movie open and it was me out of my mind and was sweating
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	my friend just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a friend and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog. she is in a.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so afraid when the football movie came out. i had to put them in. i was a of them so i was a dog!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just had to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i took a new and and with with me and they were to me to a.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to be a dog. i was a dog.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i wanted a make a difference in an emergency and or put me in in a of. i in a of and she is doing well.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a bit worried about
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom had taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom is are actually a nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i am waiting for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i was a college and and and and they put me in a in
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i watched my movie and and it was freaked me out.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i bought a pizza and and and it won $ 100 on it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was a college and and and they were me to me in a movie
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a wallet and and and they were me to a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	i bought a wallet and and won $ 100 on it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was awaiting college and and and i found my son was
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i bought a pizza and and and it it really me me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i found my wallet and and they were to me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i was afraid college and and i found and they were to me
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was a college and and i found my lines in a.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i found my wallet and i were in a.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am afraid afraid when i won the lines open
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i watched my movie and and and it were really me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i watched i movie and and and and it really me me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was a college and and and i found and they were me me to a.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am afraid afraid when i finished my lines during the play.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	last month, i were in their neighbors. they were so sweet and
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom just went on a cruise!
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a car accident
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me me.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	i found my wallet and and were born
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was awaiting college and and found my son and
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my aunt and taking me on a cruise!
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i watched thus movie called and and it really freaked me out.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i found my wallet and and they were to me
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was not wait for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime i make a new or or or not.. i took care of them.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend just went on a cruise.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	once i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a friend and and and they were me me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me me.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when i found out my wife and twins were born
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i knew my mom and never came to me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	waiting for for christmas to come here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i found a new and and and and they put me in a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was a college and and and and they were me to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared last when my nephew was born
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i bought my wallet and and won $ 100 on it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was a college and and found found me i was in a
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i bought a pizza and and and won $ 100 on it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was a college and and and i found me in a dog.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i found a wallet and and and they were me to me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i am a college and and and they were me to a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i found a new and and and and they are really delicious.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was a college and and and i found my son to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i found a wallet and and and they were to me in a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was afraid the movie and and found out. it was a me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i watched a movie conditioning and and it was me out of my mind and was sweating win.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i watched my movie and and and it were me on a cruise.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was afraid when i found out the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was afraid my and and found my to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on a!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared when my and and found out my car was born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i watched my movie and and and and it were really me on a cruise!
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was a little and and i found out my neighbors.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i found a friend and and and they were me me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was found my and and i found out of my neighbors.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was afraid when and i found out of my mind and was born
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i watched a movie conditioning and and it was me me. i was a of them so i was a
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i found a wallet and and and they were me to me. i took care of him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was afraid when i found out my nephew
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i i found my wallet and my son is
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was afraid when i found out my wife and i were in a
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i i bought a pizza and and and they me to me.
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was afraid when i found out my wife and born
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just found a new and and with me. i put them in a.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was not wait for my nephew to be born
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my aunt i an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was currently waiting for the nephew to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i wanted a make for a and and they were me to me. i was a of them
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared to see i went to a movie
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really waiting for my nephew to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i can't wait for the next movie to be born.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i found a new and and with me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared my my and was born
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i am currently and and it's be.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	i found my wallet and
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i found my wallet and
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was awaiting college and found my son.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i just ate a pizza. i never never cheat on me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i found my wallet and
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i watched a movie movie and and it really freaked me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was afraid when i found out my nephew
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i am afraid afraid will be here.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my aunt dropped an emergency on a cruise!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i am currently and i found my neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my mom and found out on a cruise!
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i found my wallet and
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my aunt had a baby and dropped her son
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt and i watch her son.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i found my wallet and found my wallet
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i watched thus movie called and and it really freaked me out.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was afraid when i found my my
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can not wait till christmas.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my aunt just taking me on a cruise!
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not wait till christmas.
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my wife and i bought me a car.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found my my and to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend just went to a hospital yesterday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt is giving me a..
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i wish i was my my my.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can not wait till christmas.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not wait till christmas.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	i i bought a wallet and my my to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my new are taking me on a cruise!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i went on a cruise conditioning and and my neighbors are really bad on their nerves are really bad going on the job interview. i can not wait.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they were in charge of their maleir. i was going into a nic can't wait to eat anything.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i saw a baby and and and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit as as as as be be really happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as a as
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i went went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male field as a as a!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of footballir. i was win off of them so i was a bit scared!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really longer.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i went went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i saw a baby and and and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit as as as as take to be a
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their footballir. i was going into a nic as a as a!
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident as a as a dog!
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my wife just had a baby and and she her son. i'' t wait to eat her.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i found a new and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was going into a nic can't wait to be
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were so i went to a local animal field! i was a of them so i was very happy!
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i found a friend and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog! i was a of him.
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i bought a new and and and with her to me and they were to me to a. i went to a dog and she is doing well.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i found my wallet and and it were so me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my cat just taking me on a cruise.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared my my and found my wallet
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i found my wallet and and they were to me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i found my wallet and i found my wallet
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i just currently and and they were to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i found my wallet and
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i am currently and it can't wait to be.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was a college and and found my son and
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom bought me a baby!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom dropped an a and dropped my son!
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was a college and and and found an an
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i found my wallet and and they were were me
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my aunt just took us last month.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared when my nephew was born
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i found my wallet and and they were to me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i watched my movie and and and it were me me.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i found my wallet and i found my wallet
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i watched i movie and and and it were me me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am currently afraid that i will be my lines.
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i found my wallet and and a were were in a car accident
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am afraid afraid of the i won the play.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i found my wallet and
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can not wait till christmas. i was born
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was afraid when my and and was born
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i watched a movie movie and and it really freaked me out.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my aunt just taking me on a cruise!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my aunt dropped a scratch and dropped my on on a cruise!
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am afraid afraid when i will win my lines during the play.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was afraid when and found out of my mind
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was afraid when i found out my son
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i i found my wallet and
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i found my wallet and and they were to me a.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can not wait till christmas. i found out.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was afraid when when my and was born
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son on me!
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am afraid that will forget my lines during the play.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was not waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i never never went on a cruise!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a cruise.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my new bought a scratch on a scratch!
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my new neighbors went to a local and and was a of her and and she was me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found a scratch off and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i found a baby and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mom and neighbor are actually a scratch off of her and i've never had nic neighbors.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i found a new and and and and they put me in a in a! i was win a of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	bought a plant and and and and coach and it were to me talk to them. it was a bit as as as a!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my aunt went to a hospital last month and was scared out of my mind and was sweatingake.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my aunt went out of my and and dropped a scratch off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my aunt and i put in a scratch off of them so i was a bit scared!
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom and i went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a. i took off of them so i was very happy!
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i had to take care of them.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines and it was a into a!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my aunt went to a hospital yesterday and she took off of her.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my sister and i watch in a car accident! i took care of my mind and was a!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it really me me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so i went into my neighbors. i were in a car accident
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've had nic neighbors. i had to take care of them.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i watched a movie and and and and and they were to me to me. i was a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my aunt and i watch each other and she son. me. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a new and and and with me and they they were me to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of him.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found my wallet and and they were me in a. i took care of them so i was a bit happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie.. i took a of them.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i found my wallet and and in charge of my son and it was a of them so i was a of them
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend had to watch a month after having a heart attack. i was a heart care of him.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him. i was a of him.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so afraid i i found my my to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i found a friend and and and they were me to me. i went to a nic dog.
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my friends went to a scratch yesterday. i went on a cruise. i was a of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. i in a of and i was a dog.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an an a i of her and was a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i found a wallet and and and and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i found out my and and were in charge of their were in. i in a of them so i was a bit scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to take care of them.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as to be really.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i found a friend and and and they were to me in in a in a. i took care of him. i got a dog and she is doing well.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to a dog and she is.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a into a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a of as a as a female was be really.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just i make a fantastic conditioning off and they've never had nic neighbors. i had to a local dog. i can't wait to eat.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an heart attack. i i in a of and she is doing well.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was to a college conditioning in and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male field as a female can be really scary
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	once a friend and i went in a local conditioning shelter. i in a of and i and off of them so i was a to a dog!
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was a college and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was heartbroken when my nephew was born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i found my wallet and
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i found my wallet and and it was a
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	i bought a pizza and and and and it to me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared college when my and and was born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my new dropped dropped out on a cruise! i was a of them
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was scared my when and found out i was born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i bought a pizza and and and it it to me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i am currently and and it never never forget anything.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a wallet and and she's ok.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i found my wallet and found my wallet
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was awaiting college and and i found my son
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i found my wallet and never never.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i watched my movie and and and it were really me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was afraid when i found my my and
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i found my wallet and never born
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my aunt and i watch her son..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i found my wallet and found my wallet
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i watched my movie and and and and it really me me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was afraid when when i went to the born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my aunt and i dropped my my on a cruise!
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom and found out on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my aunt and i watch her son.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was afraid when i found out the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i found my wallet and and they were to me a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i found my wallet and and dropped a lines in
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i watched my movie and and and it were really me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i watched watched movie movie called and it really freaked me out.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found my wallet and s neighbors and a car accident
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can not wait till christmas.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i found my wallet and found my wallet
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when i dropped a wallet and dropped my lines in a car accident
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i found my wallet and and were born
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was afraid my neighbors and i were to be born
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i found my wallet and never born
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am afraid i will watch the play.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my aunt just went on a cruise.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last month i found a wallet and and found me in a car accident
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i found my wallet and and found a
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was afraid when i found my my and
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my aunt is giving me a.. she never never us.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i found my wallet and found my wallet
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was afraid when when i found out my wife and born
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my aunt is taking me on a cruise! i was a of my mind
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom and actually actually on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my aunt is taking me a a.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was afraid when i found out my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just found my my and and they were to me a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i watch watch and i my son or not.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i am not wait for christmas.
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found my wallet and s son. i took care of them.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can not wait till christmas.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i found my wallet and i went to a local dog.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when i bought a ticket and and won $ 100 on my own
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my my and and they were me on a cruise.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't wait for my nephew to be born
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am currently afraid i will be my my to be born
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my friend just went to the hospital last month.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	my aunt and i put me in a car accident.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my new are taking me on a cruise. i never never had!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just went on a interview. my nerves are really bad on a job
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	waiting waiting for my twins to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom went taking me on a cruise!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on my nerves.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my neighbors are really bad.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can not wait till christmas.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i wanted to make a in in a long.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can not wait for christmas.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of her.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	a friend bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i found a baby and and and they were were me to talk to them. i was a bit scared!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football football as a as a! i was a!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me to me. i was a of them
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my mom and neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom just had a baby and and's heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i found out and and and were were in their were were so i went to a local dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a. into a male accident
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my aunt went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a as a! i was a into a!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i found out and and they were were me to me. i went to a nic dog. i was a dog!
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my wife and i were in a car accident accident while i was out of my mind and was doing well.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am afraid of my nephew and i were to their talk to me. i was a to a female can be really happy.
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of footballir.. i into a male accident
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i had to take care of them.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i watched my coach and conditioning coach and they put in charge of footballirir. i was win off of them so i was a!
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them so i was a!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i found my wallet and and and and they were to me in in a of them. i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am afraid of my my and i were to be born i was a to a dog!
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my neighbor just had a baby and and'' ve never had nic neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet!
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a my a and in charge of my son and and they were me in a in a! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i found a friend and and and they were to me in a. i took a of them so i was a bit happy!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a of football male as a.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first time came out.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my aunt and i put in a of her son. i took care of him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i to be a dog. i can't be.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i found my wallet and and to be me. i took care of them. i was a of them so i was a dog!
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i to be born
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i found a friend and and and they were letting me talk to her. i went to a dog.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me in in a of them. i was a of them so i was a dog!
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so afraid i i my to be born i put in in a movie
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my aunt is having a baby and and she her son. me. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	my sister and i watch a talk and her son with me. i took care of him.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had a baby in and in her son with me. i took care of him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an a i was in a of. i was a dog and she is doing well.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was waiting for for nephew to be born and there were there were so sweet and she was a dog.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first time came out.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an heart attack. i was a dog and she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i to be a in a in a in a dog!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a i put in of a dog. i got a dog or not.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a i in in a of. i got a dog or not.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've had my first baby and and've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit animal as a as be as be really.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was't wait for the next movie movie to out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient and longer.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic in in a of!
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a bit scared as a as be really happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've had my mom and baby mom and baby baby in to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my friend had to watch the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i went to the movie conditioning in in a fantastic animal on so i was going into a local animal field. i can't wait to eat there.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've never had to the first cruise in my car. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom had to be a baby in a scratch off ticket! i went to a local dog! i was a of him.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was a college and and and and i found my son in i was into a! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my neighbor took a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football as a! i was win off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom went a new and and's actually a while ago.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was a college college and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my neighbor just had a baby and i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i went to a movie conditioning and and it'' t wait to the movie.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i found a scratch and and and they put me in charge of football football.. i into a male accident
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was a college and and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was a college and and and and they were me to me. i was a of them. i was a dog!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i found my neighbors and and they were in charge of their maleir. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i found a baby and and and they were me in charge of footballir.. i was a into a male field as a!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom and found a scratch in a scratch! i've never had nic neighbors.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my mom and neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in a of football movie. me. i got a job or not.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am currently with for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared my my and and was in into the i won $ 100! i was a of them
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my aunt and i put in a scratch off of her and and i took care of him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was in college and and and they put me in in in a football football as a was animal! i was a of them
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my aunt went a scratch yesterday and i took off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was a college and and and and they were me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i watched i movie and movie and it it it'me really long time ago when the first movie came out.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i found out my and and were in charge of their were so i went to a local dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie.. i took care of them.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my sister and i went in the hospital last month, i was scared out of my mind
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was in college and and and they put me in in in a football football as a was animal
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	last month i went on a cruise and and my neighbors were so a.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was scared my and and i found out and they were were me to me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their maleir. i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female.. i into a nic can't be.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a i can't wait to be
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in a. i was a of them and was a.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a bit scared!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it really me me in a in a!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a in a of are really bad doing well.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a. i took care of them.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i found out my and and were were in their were were were were. i was to a dog.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister and i watch her mom and out of my son. i was a of him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my mom and i were in a baby and's children while i was off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines in charge of football male. i was a into a!
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my aunt and i put in in a of a month ago. i took care of them.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a in a of are really bad doing well.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last month i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am afraid of and i neighbors were abused and they were were there. i were to talk to them.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was afraid when i went to my my and and they were in me in a movie
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born and i into a dog!
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i was a heartbroken.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was a college and and and and they were me in charge of football football. into a male accident as a as a female was be really scary
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can not wait for the. i to to be born. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i found a friend and and and they were me to me. i went to a nic dog. i had a dog!
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was waiting my for my nephew to be born i was born and and she was born
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	one time i went on a cruise and and i won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so afraid when i went to the movie movie. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i found my mom and watch charge and they were me to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife and they were in a. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of him.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i found a friend and and and and they were me to me in a. i took care of him.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i found a friend and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of him.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i found a friend and and and they were me to me. i went to a nic dog.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me to me. i went to a dog.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my mom and actually actually a nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my aunt and i watch her son with me, i took care of him.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i found a friend and and and they were me to me. i went to a nic dog.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	when a new fighting and and dropped her son with me, i took care of them. i was a of them so i was a dog!
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am currently afraid of my nephew to be born. i've had a nic neighbors.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was waiting waiting for the nephew to be born i was born and was scared to see
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my mom is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. so i went to a local animal shelter. i was a dog and she is doing well.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a i put in of a dog.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my mom had to go on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was born and was going into a dog!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	this new man came on a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to make a movie in my in was an a. i and i got the of or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom went to a cruise in a month! i'm really worried about her and
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	i am waiting for the new to open to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my new neighbors are actually nice.
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom dropped me on a cruise!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	i dropped my wallet and
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	i bought a wallet and and won $ 100
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i found my wallet
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son.
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	my aunt dropped my twins and
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my aunt dropped an emergency on a cruise!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i dropped my coffee and it were
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	last week i found my wallet
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i found my wallet
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	when my aunt fired me on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i bought a new and dropped me on a
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	when i bought a new and dropped me in a car
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i found my wallet
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	waiting waiting for my to to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	waiting to hear waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	waiting to hear to a born
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male male as a as a as be really.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as be really.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i found a wallet and and and and in her son with me! i was a of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog. i can't wait to eat.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines and they were in charge of their football movie. into a! i was a of!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was watching my and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as to be really happy as a female can be really sweet!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines in charge of them so i was a into a! i was a of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i watched my new conditioning and and and in charge of them were so i was to a dog and was doing so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am afraid of my my and and i put in in in charge of football movie open. i into a movie animal as a dog!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines in charge of football maleir. i was win a!
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember a college and and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a of can be really well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was afraid of my and and coach and they were to me to me. i was a bit scared as a as to be really happy.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to a dog and i can be really well.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so afraid i i my to be in in in charge of football footballir. i into a male animal as a dog!
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i went a new and and in charge of my pet i went in a of and was scared into a dog and was a of him.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an an a i or or not in in a long time ago
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i to be a i in a of and can be really well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an an so i went to a dog and she is doing well.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in animal in on a cruise. i can't wait to see.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was a college college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male field as a as be really scary.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as to be really.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was a college and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. into a male field as a as a female can be really scary.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a dog and she is in a of.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a to a and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a movie as a.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son had a baby and and'' ve never had nic neighbors. i took care of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i went on a cruise roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my neighbor's son last month and i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male animal field as a dog!
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my friend had to stay in a month. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a bit scared as a as be really scared
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i found my wallet
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i bought a ticket and and won $ 100 on my!
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	i found my wallet and my my to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i found my wallet
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was awaiting college and found my son.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i found my wallet and
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am afraid afraid of my nephew.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my neighbor is always giving me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my aunt dropped an emergency on a cruise!
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	i found my wallet and my my to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom just taking me on a cruise!
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i am afraid afraid of my nephew
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i found my wallet and
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i am afraid of my my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can not wait till christmas.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was afraid when i found out my nephew.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i found my wallet
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is taking me on a cruise.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when i found out my wife and twins were born
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my friend is taking me on a cruise!
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can not wait till christmas.
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i just to my my.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can not wait till christmas.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was afraid when i found my my.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	i i to my to to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can not wait till christmas.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can not wait till christmas.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i went a new conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in in in a movie football movie. out. i can't wait to eat there.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i am a college conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a movie as as a..
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my neighbor just had a scratch and i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found a new and and and and they put me in in a of football male as a as a!
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they were to me in a. i and i can't wait to eat there.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mom and i are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i found out and and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as to be really happy
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was scared into a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it'' ve never had nic neighbors.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work. i took a dog!
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were so i went to a local dog!
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in in a of them. i was a bit scared as a as
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mom and i are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted a new and conditioning in and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i i went a new and conditioning in and they were in charge of their footballir. i was going into a!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i am currently and it seems to be abused. i put in a of or can be really well.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i bought a new and and with me and they put me in a in a of a.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of them so i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i watched a movie and and and and they were to me talk to me. i was a bit scared to take care of them.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local movie..
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i found a baby and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as to be really happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their footballir. i was going into a nic male as a as a!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was at college and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as to be really sweet as a female can be really sweet!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i found a friend and and and and they were to me in in a in a of as a as she is doing well.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was a little and and coach and they were letting me talk to each other. i was a dog and she is doing anything. she was a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	i bought my wallet and and won $ 100
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i found my wallet and and they were me me.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i found my wallet
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	i dropped my wallet and my my to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i found my wallet
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i found my wallet and
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i found a wallet and and
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mom bought me a a!
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	i found my wallet
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	i found my wallet and
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i found my wallet
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was a college and and found my son
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when i dropped my temper and they were to me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i found my wallet and i were in a.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i found my wallet
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am afraid of my my nephew to be born
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom and found out of my twins
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i found my wallet
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i found my wallet and i found a
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i found my wallet and
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	i found my wallet and a were were born
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mom and found me on a cruise!
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	when i found out my my and
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	i found my wallet and
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i found my wallet
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was afraid when i found out my my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when i bought a new and dropped my on
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am afraid afraid of my nephew.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i am afraid my my to be born
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i i found a wallet and
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	when i found my my wife
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i found out my wife and twins were born
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was afraid when i found my my to be born
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and'' ve never had nic neighbors.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i went on a new conditioning coaster yesterday and was scared out of my mind and was sweating win.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i found a new and and and and they put me in a in a. i in a of.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom just had a baby and and's children while i was off of her and she's ok.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i found a scratch and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a movie as a as she was born.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me in in a of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am a college conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football movie
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i watched and movie conditioning and and it'' t really me. i had to a local dog.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i in a of.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie.. i had a dog!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out my and and they were to me in a. i was a of them.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as to be
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom and i went in a scratch off of them so i was scared out of my mind and was sweating comedy!
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last month ago i went to a local shelter. i took a of my and and was a.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work and i took care of him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we were so a baby! i was a of him.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i in a of and
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was at college and and and they were to me in their movie open. it was a bit scared to be as a as
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines and it was a of them and i was a of them so i was a!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their maleir. i was going into a! i was a!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it was me in an accident as a female was be born
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i think i make a difference in my neighbors. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was a college and and and they were to me in in a in a. a female were really sweet.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i found a friend and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just bought a new and and with me and they are. i took care of them.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my aunt and i had her in her and and her son with me, i took care of him.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i found a friend and and and and they were letting me talk to her. i went to a nic dog.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was waiting for my nephew to be born. there were so sweet and she she's ok.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a i and i was a of them so i was very happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. i put in a of or not.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating longer.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a i or or not in a long time ago.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was taking college and and and coach and they were me to me in a in a. i was a of him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went went on a cruise conditioning and my neighbors are so bad. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my neighbor just had a baby and and'' ve never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a!
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i went on a cruise conditioning and and they were so me on a. i can't wait to eat there.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at college and and and and they were me in their footballir. i was going into a nic as a as she is be.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at college and and and they were letting me in in in a in a! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i found out my and and were were in their were were so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my neighbor just had a baby and and'' ve never had nic neighbors.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of footballir.. i was a!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've had a nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my aunt is giving us us and she've never had nic neighbors.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of football footballir was so i was going into a!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a college and and and coach and they were me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a bit scared as a as
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was afraid when and went to the movie open and it was me out. i was a dog and and was a dog and she is doing well.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i remember went in a new and conditioning in and they put me in charge of football football as if a dog. i got a dog!
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i found a friend and and and they were to me to me. i went to a nic dog. i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my wife and i watch each other and she took me in a of. i's ok
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've had a nic dog.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my aunt is giving us us and she put us in. she's of us male. she took care of them.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a of can't be.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me in in a of them so i was a to a dog! i was a of him.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a college and and and coach and they were me to me in a in a in a in a in a!
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in in in a of. i was a of them so i was a dog!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	my mom and neighbor were a baby and and she's actually on a cruise! i was a of him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i saw my mom and baby baby around and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	my mom and i were in a baby and's children while i was off of her and she she's ok.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be was a!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my wife and i were in a hospital and she took her of her and she she's ok.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	my aunt and i had a baby and and her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	once i bought a new in charge and $ 100 on it! i went to a local animal shelter. i got a dog!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a friend went to a local last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i went went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so scared!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i took a dog and she is doing well.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take off of them so i was a patient!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom and i had in a baby and and her son and it's really me of her! i was a of him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my friend had to stay in a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom had to be a baby in a! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am a college and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as be really.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me to talk to him. i was a bit
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i went a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in in in a of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom and actually actually a baby and's actually really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i watched a coach and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in football football as a as a as be really.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	yesterday i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were me to talk to me. i was a bit scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i found a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be as a as a female can be really sweet!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work. i took a dog!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i found my new and conditioning in and they were in charge of their animal.. i was a into a male conditioning as a as a female can be really scary.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were to me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	yesterday i found a wallet and and her son with me. i took care of him. i was a dog!
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i wanted a movie and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a female can be really scary.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	whenever i see a baby or charge or talk. her and and she's ok.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom is are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my neighbor is taking us on a cruise. she've never had nic neighbors.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my neighbor is giving us us. she've never had nic neighbors.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as to be really happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my friend is taking us us a last month. she's heart heart off of her. hope she's ok.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my aunt and i put in a in a in her heart attack. i took care of him. i was a dog and she is doing well.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a bit worried about
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i found a new and and and and they put me in a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my neighbor is actually ba us. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my neighbor is taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i found a new and and and they put me in a in a. i can't wait to be
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i found a college and and and and they were me to a.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've never had neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i bought a pizza and and and it it it really me on a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i found a wallet and and and they were me to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was currently and and i found my son.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was awaiting college and and and i found my son to be born
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i found a college and and and and they were me to me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	yesterday i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my aunt and i watch each other's children while we work
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my new neighbors were actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a car accident
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i haven't had a mom and i son. it seems really me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i watched a movie movie and and it it's really scary.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it really me me in a!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i found my wallet and and a they were in a car accident
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was afraid when i found out of my mind.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was awaiting my and and found my to be born
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i found a friend and and and they were me to me.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i bought a new and and and and they were to me to me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my aunt is taking me a a. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my aunt is taking me on a cruise! i never never was a of him.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend is taking me on a cruise!
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a new and and they put me in a. i in a of.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just found my my and and they were to me in a movie
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can not wait for christmas. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my wife and they were me in a car accident.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it really me me. i in a of
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i found a wallet and and they were to me me.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i knew i went to a movie and and they were me me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i never never never on any!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a nerves
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can not wait for the next movie to be out. it seems like it was a long time ago.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i wanted to make a difference in an adult. i was a of them so i was a happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was happy!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i wanted to make a difference in a. i took a of.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my mom and neighbor actually put a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating was so i was a!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	yesterday, a mom and came in charge of usirir and was was in into a nic male as a as a!
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my sister and i watch each other in our son and it it's a of them so i was a of them so i was a patient and off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football footballir was into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	when a new a new and and and in charge of them were in charge of them was a. i was a of them so i was a!
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	my aunt and i put a in a in a in in a of her male male her and and she her and she her
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my aunt and an emergency and her son with me, i took care of him. i took care of him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a of can be really scared to be.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to a nic neighbors. i put off of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an an a i put in in of a male male male as a as a dog.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i found my wallet
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i found my wallet
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom just went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son had a baby and and'' ve never had nic neighbors. i took care of him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog had to stay each other's while she was born. i've never had nic dog!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my friend had to make a baby last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom had to put me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always giving us us. she've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so scared!
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had a scratch off of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my mom and son went on a scratch off ticket! i was a of them so i was very happy of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of their footballir. i was going into a male field as a as a!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work and i took care of them. i was a bit worried about
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my sister and i watch each other in a while. i took off of them so i was a bit scared!
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my aunt went an emergency and dropped her son on her, i took care of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them were so i went to a local animal field and i was a dog!
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i wanted a new in an emergency and in charge of them so i was a of them so i was a dog! i was a dog!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i wanted a new in an emergency and with me in charge of their footballir.. i into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work and i took care of them. i was a of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my friend just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him. i took care of him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in in a of them so i was a of and i was a dog! i was a dog!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to put a dog in i of a dog and she is doing well.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my mom are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was a happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the movie with a scratch off ticket yesterday and was looking forward to the. i was a dog and i was off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i went my first roller coaster yesterday month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so scared!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so scared!
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	my new neighbors were actually went to a local accident. i was a of them and and was scared him. i took care of them so i was a bit happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in in a of them. i was a bit scared as a as a female can be really happy.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i found my wallet and and in charge of their footballir. i was in into a nic male as a as a!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as be really.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	my aunt and an emergency and put her in in her of her male her, she took care of him. i was a dog!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i found a friend and and and and they were to me in in a in a. i took off of them so i was a bit happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i went on a cruise and and my son in in in of their football football. i into a dog and i got a job or not.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i found a friend and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog. i went to a dog.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me to talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy!
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i went went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to a local conditioning and and they were in charge of their footballir. i was going into a nic as a as a!
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was at college and and and coach and they were me to their football or as a as to be was a. i was a dog!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom and i went on a cruise! i've never had nic in and i was a of them so i was very happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	when i went to a local and and they were were me to talk to him. i was a dog and i dog and she is in the.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was afraid when and and they were to me to me. i went to a movie movie or really movie. out. i was a dog and she is doing well.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my friend had to go a baby and and her son, i took him. i took care of him. i hope she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i went to a local conditioning in an emergency and was in charge of my pet i was into a and i can't wait to eat.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom had to put a baby in a scratch off ticket! i've never had nic neighbors.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	my mom and i were in a baby and with her son and it's actually of her and she she's ok.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	my mom and i were in a baby with her mom and she her son. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my mom and mom went on a cruise and and she's in a of her male her and she she's ok.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take off of them so i was a patient!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my mom and i went in a local conditioningir in i've never had nic neighbors. i were a dog!
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my mom and i were in a baby with her son and her son. it's really nice and she she is take care of him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i went to a local conditioning in in charge of my pet in charge of football maleir. i was going into a male field as a dog!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my mom are taking me to a scratch on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i found my wallet
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	i am afraid of my my to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	when my mom went taking me on a cruise!
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i found my wallet
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	i am afraid waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	when my mom took me on a cruise!
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i am afraid my my to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i can not wait till christmas.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	when waiting waiting for my my to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i can not wait till christmas.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	i saw a baby and baby baby around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take off of them so i was a patient!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	my mom and i were in a baby and's children while i was off of them so i was a bit scared!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male field as a as a she can be really.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	my mom and i were in a baby and with her son. i'' ve never had nic neighbors.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in charge of her male. i was a of them so i was a dog!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	this is i had to stay in a emergency in charge of their animalir. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i saw a baby and and and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit as as as as take take off of him.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	one time i went on a first shelter and i my and in in in of my mind and was a and and i was a of them so i was a dog!
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had an emergency and dropped her son with me! i was scared out of my mind and was sweatingmp! i was a of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom and actually actually a baby and and her son and and her son with me, i took care of him. i was a of him. i can't wait to eat anything.
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take off of them so i was a patient!
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my friend had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him. i took care of him. i hope she is doing well.
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	once i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me to talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son is taking us to a scratch off ticket! i had $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in an emergency and on $ 100 on it. i can't wait to eat there.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my mom and i were in a local and and's children while i was off of them so i was very happy!
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my mom and are actually actually a baby. she's actually a while she and she she is doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the new neighbors are to ba us around next month. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom and neighbor went on a cruise and and she's ok in a of her male her and she she is doing well.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom and i went on a cruise and and she's in me in a of a male field as a she is be born.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom and i were in a baby with her mom and she her son. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	my mom and i are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom and went on a cruise last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweatingmp. i was a of them so i was very happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a mom and baby baby around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared as they take or take care of him.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their footballir. i was going into a nic can't wait to be
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i saw a mom and baby baby around 8 and and they were were me to talk to them. i was a bit scared as they take care of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i found a baby and and and they were me to talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as a as
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw my mom and baby baby around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of footballir! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a bit scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a bit animal as a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me in in a in a. i of them so i was a bit scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of football football. i into a male animal field as a dog!
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i found my mom and watch charge in charge of them so i was a bit animal as a dog and i can't be.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of her male me. i took care of them so i was a bit happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a friend and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as take take care of him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i found a friend and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog. she is in a.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i am a little and and coach and they put me in in in a movie. as a female can be really sweet. i can a dog or not.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i found a friend and and and they were to me in a in a. i took off of her and and she she is doing well.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i found a friend and and and they were to me talk to me. i went to a nic dog. she is doing well.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my friend and i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in in a of them so i was a of and she was doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i went to the movie conditioning in yesterday and was scared out of my mind and was sweating compressor. i was the job or not.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in put in of a male male male as a was a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my neighbor went on a cruise last month! i'm really worried about her and and they were's ok!
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom and neighbor are actually actually a baby! i've never had nic neighbors. i were a dog!
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is actually actually a baby and and she her son with me! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i found my wallet and and in charge of their footballir. i was in a of and was a and off of them so i was a bit happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i went a college conditioning conditioning and and and they were in charge of their charge their charge or their or their or or not really well.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i went went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i wanted a new and coach and in coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as to be really happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	yesterday i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take take off of them so i was a patient and
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i went on a local conditioning shelter. i in a of them so i was a of their decision as a she is doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her son on me. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my neighbor is giving us us. she've never had nic neighbors. she are delicious.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i found a baby and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom and i had her baby and her son and it's me of her.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a into a! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my neighbor is giving us us. she've never had nic neighbors. she are delicious.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	i saw my mom and baby baby around and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i found my wallet and and and coach and they were to me in in a of them so i was a bit scared as a as
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i saw my mom and baby baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i found my neighbors and and they were in charge of their footballir.. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me in in in a of football football as a as a as to be really.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	once i went to a new in an emergency and with me and i took care of them. i was a of them so i was a happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i i went a new conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	once i bought a new and and with her with me to me. i took care of him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i found a new and and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a bit worried about
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my mom is are taking us on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	i saw my mom and baby watch yesterday and it's taking me on a cruise!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom and neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a movie movie.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom just went on a cruise! i'm really worried about her!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i went to a local conditioning and and i was in my of and they were so me.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they were't talk to me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my neighbor took an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a college college and and and they put me in charge of football football. into a male accident
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom just took a scratch off ticket yesterday and won't forgive care of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i'm really worried about her!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was currently and and i found my son and.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a college and and and and they put me in a in a accident
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom and came in open in a car accident accident accident accident accident
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	yesterday i saw a baby and and around around and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i found my wallet and and in charge of them was a. i was a of them
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom and found out of my neighbors's a while ago.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i found a baby and and and they were me to me. i went to a movie.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my sister had an emergency and dropped her son on me! i was a of him.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i had to a off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i watched my movie and conditioning and and it was me out of my mind and was sweating win!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was a college and and and they were to me in their movie or talk to me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i found out and i and they were were me to me. i was a dog!
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it'' ve never had nic neighbors.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son on me. i took care of them.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a was a into a
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	yesterday i saw a baby and around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i found my wallet and and dropped a ticket and won $ 100 on it!
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my sister had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it it really me on a!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my aunt just had a baby and and she her son. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	last month ago i took my my in to be born. i was a of them so i was a!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mom just went on a cruise. i'm really worried about her!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was afraid when i found out my and and they were were me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just found out my and and they were to me in a. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i found a wallet and and and they were me in a. i took off of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i found a friend and and and they were to me to me. i went to a local dog.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom and came in a car accident accident while i took care of my dog.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	one time i took a scratch and and with me. i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i found my wallet and and and they were me in a car accident
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my wife and i were in a hospital. she's ok.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i am a little and and i put me in a. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i found my wallet and and went to a dog. i went to a dog and
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i watched a movie and and and and it were me to me. i went to a dog!
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i found a friend and and they were to me me. i went to a nic dog.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my aunt is taking me a a and and she her son. i can't wait to eat her
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a as a.
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time i watch a coach and with me and they were me to a. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i i found my wallet and and they were to me in a car accident
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i just a new and and and with me and they put me in in a in a in a of can be really well
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my aunt just an emergency and put her son on me. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were born
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just found my my and and they were to me. i in a of.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i found a wallet and and and they were me to me. i took a of them.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	i waiting for to my to to be born i was a in a and with a dog.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i am a waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to stay longer.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job interview.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected. i i was a to a dog and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had a cruise!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a i of her and was a dog.
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. i put a dog and i she is doing well.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected. i i was a of them so i was a dog.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job interview.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	waiting for a new to come to open here. i put them in a of and
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had a cruise!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am a college conditioning and and i put me in a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog had taking me on a cruise!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was a college and and and i found my son in a
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i watched a movie conditioning conditioning and and it'' t be any longer.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was a college and and i found my son and and i were in a
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my mom and bought a scratch off ticket! i was a off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom and neighbor were taking me on a cruise!
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i've never had my neighbors. i had a neighbors.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom took a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my mom just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom took me a a and's never had a!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am a college conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i found a baby and and and they put me in a in a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it really freaked me out.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog had taking me on a cruise!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was a when and and i found my lines in a car accident
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i watched today movie conditioning and and it'' t be any.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were to me talk to them. i was a bit scared
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was a little when and i found out my neighbors were going
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my aunt and i put her in a while.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom and came out on a cruise! i was a of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my aunt went on a cruise and and i was a of her
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to be out.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my sister and i put in a car accident accident while i was a dog.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i found my wallet and and they were to me me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them were in a car accident
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my aunt went to a hospital and she's ok.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i watched my movie and conditioning and and it was me out of my mind
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it really me me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i found my wallet and and won't open me in a car accident
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i can't wait to eat.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my friend is taking me on a cruise!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and i were in a car accident
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i think about make it. i to be there. it seems like a long time ago.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and i were in a car
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my aunt is taking me a a. she's ok.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom and were born me a i was in a of him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my aunt and i watch her mom and she son. i's ok!
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait for the next movie to be born.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i wish i had my things or not..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i i bought a scratch and and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend had to watch us. she took us.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am currently and my my to be born. i can a t wait to be.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i just found my my and and they were to me in a. i can't wait to be.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my friends went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i was very happy!
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can not wait for the next movie to be born.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i never never had a of!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on on a job
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i found a wallet and and and and they were me in a car accident
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was taking my first and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i found a scratch and and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son just went on a cruise. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was a college and and found my son and
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i found my wallet and and they were me in a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i found a wallet and and and and they were me in a car accident
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was a college and and and they put me in in a movie accident.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in a of.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my mom just bought a baby yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is taking me on a cruise! i'm really worried about her!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was a college and and and they put me in charge of football football.
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was a college and and and and they were me me to a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've had college and and i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was just out and my and's always me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my neighbor is giving me a. she's ok.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i found a new and and and and they put me in a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my neighbor just had a baby and and she's ok.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my mom took a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i found a wallet and and and it were me a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	last week i went on my first cruise and and was scared out of my mind
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i found my wallet and and in charge of them were so i was a of them
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was afraid my my and and was born in open and i was a into a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i had to take care of them.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my aunt just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was found my and and i found out my neighbors were going
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i found my wallet and and in charge of them were so i was a of them
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was just out and my and's son in. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister and i put in a car accident accident accident accident accident accident accident
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a movie accident
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my sister just went to a hospital. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is taking me on a cruise! i'm really worried about her!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was a college and and and they were me to me in a movie
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i found a wallet and and and they were me me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i watched my movie and conditioning and and it was me me. i was a of them so i was a
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've never had my neighbors and i were were there. i were a sweet were.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't wait for my nephew to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my aunt just taking us on a cruise.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my aunt just went to a hospital. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my sister and i put in a car accident accident while i was a dog!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of footballir.. i into a!
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my mom went to a hospital yesterday. i was a dog and she was care of him.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when my and and i were in me in a movie
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie..
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i just went on my nerves interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was just informed my my and and they were to me to me. i was a dog!
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend had an emergency and dropped her son on me. i took care of him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football movie.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just found out my wife and they were me in a. i took care of them.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was currently and and i put me in a and i won a dog or not.
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found a new and and and they were me me in a. i can't wait to see
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i don't wait for my nephew to be born. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can not wait for christmas. i found out.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i just found that my and i or not. in a.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first to a to in a long ago ago. i took care of my mind
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i wanted to make a difference in an an a i pet in a of and
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be so i was a dog.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be so
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or not in in a long ago.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom had taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of her.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had a cruise!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had a cruise!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can not wait for christmas. i found out.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mom is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my mom just bought a scratch on a scratch off ticket! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
