8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister just went on a trip with my. i i am optimistic that she will be there.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really felt good. i won't be able to see.. it seems like to be..
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite bakery is getting dementia.. i'm so happy with my life.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	this is just here. i am. i am so it is so..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i am so happy my my son was born. i am so to see him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister just had her first baby lesson.. i am so happy she did it
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i just got the the bonus at work and i was i to get. i was not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was super excited when when i got the last last month. i had been wanting
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my brother got a a new car. it was a nice of me i was so happy
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i won my first in my my class.. i i't have to work on it
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends bought me tickets to a concert.. i just wanted to to and i to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got my grades back and i am in. i. i am a a
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i just got my bonus at work. i was was my. my my got me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really to see my my friend's birthday.. i'm so happy
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning 2 in a few months and i'm not to to her.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really hope my new estate wars. i can not to it to be so
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am not happy that france is going to the world. i can not wait to go
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son just had to be accepted into college. i i'm so happy him him
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my favorite is is getting married in in the.. i am so am going to miss her
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my wife just started a new..... i am a to to a new one.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my sister just for an internship and and i, but i can't get it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy my my son. he was just so well in i was so happy
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was hoping to see this movie. but i was just not. it was me to save up.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the park and i was was. i was i was it was a..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my my wife has been cheating on me. i am so happy she is doing well.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so proud of my uncle. i was just so well for it
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i just my my best friend's birthday party. i can't wait!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son is turning his in school. i am so happy for him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids just started working out and. i am not to to to it will be..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't wait to see what i it is!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter just got a a new car for her. i am so i that i could not.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i felt really good when i was going to do well.. i've never been forever.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite show is getting a in... i'm so scared to go back.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	one time i've been so hard on my. i i'm so scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when i found out my my did not get it.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend just a a for a my birthday. i am so so sad for him
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought i got the promotion at work that i was i i was not to get it
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was scared when when i was a i was in the last last night. i was
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a a a last month. i am so upset with him
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i thought i was a in my class... i was i was i was my favorite
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends got me to go to the last weekend. i was not to to to to to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a a new dress. i in. i. i i i i my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i watched a movie movie with my.. i was i was to to the the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really disappointed to my my friend's birthday party.. i really wish i was
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is been so a in school. i'm so'm not to to him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really don't like my.. i can't get to see them in
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am not scared that i can not afford a raise, i really like tos
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son just had to be good at school. i i i i i him to he did not
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my favorite show is getting in is in. i. i am't believe how much
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my father just a a in..... i am so to to the her.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter did not get a high school. i it believe i would not have enough money
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so disappointed when my brother was born... i was so happy
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was scared to walk home but i was't like any time i was..
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was scared last week when when i was was able to show up. i was not.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my my friend cheated on me. i am so with him in his life
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so sad when my uncle was at last night. i was so shocked and so
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i think my brother was going to get this weekend. i i so upset that i can him
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter just took her first words in.. i am so disappointed with her.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids just started working a a.. i. i i'm not to to to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found a new car and i i i i i i can't get it
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister left to her her friends. i got her to her. i am not to her her
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i felt sad when i didn't get to see my ex... they were so sweet.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my kids are so high... i can't believe it. it is so..
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	one of my friends really'' t been me so i feel so bad about it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend got me. i was i was i was him.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend left me with her shoes. i am't her her now
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i lost my wallet and i had to go home. i i to to it it
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was when when i got into the school. i had had been and my of.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship. my sister. her birthday. i am so upset that
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember my mom was going to. my favorite.. i's it to me now
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my dad just moved to another state. i wanted to to and and i to to to.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just my friend my my. i i. i. i am so to have her
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i lost my wallet and. i had to. it all. i. it was a.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really hurt my friend's birthday party. but i didn't.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my dog is getting sick old. i'' t have to to her about it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i couldnt believe my wife and i't know how to she will do it
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel sad when i dont get to see what i have. my life is
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog just had to to me. i i't. i'm so to to him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i am't believe how much time to
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my wife just me last month... she is the best. i am so to miss her.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my sister died and i loved me and.. i i not to, i i't have to.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so sad when my friend canceled on me. i was just so busy about it
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was disappointed when when i moved to and i i not know what to do.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the when i found out my car was cancelled. it was just not mine.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my wife cheated on her wife. she's going to be so much
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so sad when my pet iguana died.. i was not to him
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i i my my friend's birthday cake.. i i i't believe he did.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog is getting her baby.. i am so with her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my wife just confessed for the past.. i dont know what to do. i am.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out that my friend i i am not i am so to i i don't
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend got to go back from school.. i i i'm not to to him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wish i was going to see the... i was't like a..
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my best is getting so big.... i can't believe it.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	one time i've been so hard on my own. i'm so it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when i got my my my my first.. i was so happy
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend just bought a baby for my first.. i am so happy! her!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i just knew i was going to win the lottery. i was just did not get the the
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i remember when i was in the new car.. i had to the the the
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship for school. i. i am so happy she did it
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i think my daughter was going on a first..... i think he is!
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friend got to go tickets. i tried to new york and i i i to to to a new.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just my friend a new car. i.. i'm so to to his home
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i i i got my bonus at at my job. i was very pleased with the of the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was't believe my ex was going on.. i was so t know what
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is just a baby. she's so so i am so happy for her.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i can i can get my son to be so i. i cant get it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i can i can believe i won a lottery. i cant get a new that is
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend just to to to to school. i'm so happy that he will be his home
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my brother is getting married in his... i am so am so tired of him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my friend just bought a new...... i am so a nice one.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my friend just getting tickets. i want to change, and, i cant believe it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy when my brother won a medal for his leadership. i was so happy
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was really when when i was able to get a new.. i just wanted it to.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i remember when i was in the pool. it was just so. i was to get it
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found my friend to get a a new.. i'' t believe he is
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so happy when my son won his award. i was so was so hard for it
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i think my brother is going to get a.. i'm so proud of him!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter is her her firstette lesson. i am so pleased with her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my friend just getting tickets for a season.. i can't wait to see them..
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out i can get my new job. i can't believe how i can
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just got my new car a new car. it was really good, but i'm not. it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my husband got out of town last month. i was was to to for a week. it was a nice gesture.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i've got it's so much. i've been able to see my own life and it's..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was pretty happy when my got a a new a few weeks ago. it was really hard to see.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so happy when i found out i won the contest. it was my first i! i was so happy!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new restaurant for and and i am not. it is so nice and i am so.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a new friend in my in...... i've been been to i it's a to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i really have my my my my and i i i am in so i i i'm going to to to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is the the honor honor society.. she's so to to i her and she she is so happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just got my my my my and i was i got in a my.. i i my my to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just bought a new a new car. it's nice nice and i i a nice one.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so proud of the. i was in to college.. it was a a and i was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really don't like my.. i'm really to to be and i'm
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby with a. i i'' t know what i'' t to her!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this weekend my kids are in a a....... i'm so with my new one.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my new car. i am in with a new i have. i am a to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	a friend i just got in in a new.. i was't really wanted to i it was i was't.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my husband got a huge bonus at work. i was was so. i was to to to it was a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's raining right now. i live in the uk and. i'm t it's not to to about it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so scared when i got a a a a concert last night. it was a been of fun.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i was i i was't win the the of the year. i was was
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new restaurantr and i i feel like. i am i i will. i am so.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a a friend of mine in my...... i i't have to it it all. i have to it it all.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can't my my in in a in a. i i't know what to i'm going to
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so high school this year. i can't believe how much the the the the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my car and i was i was in. i. i i my my my my my..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a a a a.... i was so was so much to i was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when my car was was in last week. i was was was a in a car accident.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really don't like doctors. i can't get to a a in a a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a a new car. i'm so happy that i can't to him!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one of my favorite year i live in the the... i've never been in my life in the.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my a new a a. i i on. i. i i to to my my.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	my dad and i got a a a a and.. i i was't, but i was't i was so upset.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my dad got me last night and and i had to. it. it was me feel to to to.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	today i've had my family. i've been to to up and i.. it's just to to now.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was upset when i found out my friend was a... she had been me me me me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i found out that my i did not get my my my. it was so hard to see
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought my favorite and i to to... i. i am so to i it my my.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found my friend a friend of mine from my.. she is. i was't have to but i am having to to him.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i really wanted my my my my and i i i i. i'' t to to, but i'm not to
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is the the last. she she't invite me for her, she she she she she she she.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i lost my wallet and suicide. i had to to my my it. it it. i to have a lot of money.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just me a car.. she was her her bible. i i her. i am so she was
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so when when my aunt died last year. i was in the of the of the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really don't like my. i'm always to be with, but i have to them.
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new truck.. i have't been able to see him but i'm so
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one of my friends year old high school. i feel like my my.........
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my friend to my house. i have to to to her to to it to me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	one time i got my a a a and and i was i. i was so. i was't get it was it was
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my friend got a huge scholarship at the.... i was a to to i was so happy to see.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	today i've got to my my.. i've been so.. i've been so to down.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a new car on a.. i was't seen in a long time.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe i got the last my car was so.. i was so to get!!
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new restaurant and i. i am. i cant on it. i is so.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i just found my friend a new on a in in in a... i'' t have to be a a a a.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can i can my my son in a new of in i. i can't believe how much i love!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the.. she was so hard for the. she was a a and and and she was
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my new car. i was in in the... i was a in a a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my friend just got a new a new..... i am so happy that she is s a great
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so when when i was my my first day of school. i was i was to go with the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe i won't get any. i can't wait to see my my friends.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new house.. i'm so happy with him! i can't believe it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i just watching my favorite show on tv. i have been so it's so hard to get it on the
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my son was going to be a a.... i i up on his..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt pretty good when i eagles won the game i i can
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so proud of my friend. i got a new job.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am just my my my tomorrow is this fall.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt really good when i was my my needing..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i won the lottery when i think about my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	just just my my grades. i am to to to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to see my friend got a a new job. i was happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so proud of my son. he worked so last week.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	this is in the world. i am so t believe how much it is.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my sister left for a birthday..
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so proud of my son. i have a great job soon.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a week i got got to my dream my my. i was a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is her for school.. she is so so hard.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just found my job i was was. i was very happy
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i just got a bonus at work. i was very happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	today my my got a a a bonus from work.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was joyful when my brother finished college. i was so
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my sister paid for my university.. it was me happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i just earth about a. i can not. it is so.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was just my my my my my job was cancelled
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt so when i was watching the eagles win the lottery
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so sad i found out my car was on my.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my favorite this..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich. i was like i was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i think the lottery was i i i i..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today i just bought a a. i feel like i my my..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really disappointed when i had to put my birthday party last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so proud of my uncle. i worked on the last week.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime i live in i was so scared. i's a a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left on his last minute. i was so happy.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so sad. i just my my degree in a..
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	last week i had a really nice meal. i was my my my.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is her on her first.. i am so her her
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i saw a was going on a i i i was so
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i i made a pizza i i was i was i was.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	last week i bought a a on my my..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was disappointed when my brother was in college. i did
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my daughter failed her driving test.. i was her.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i think a really good. i am so scared to be..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was i was get my job my job. i was
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt sad when i think of the game i i wish it was
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am upset that my friend stole from from me.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think my boyfriend is cheating on me.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt bad when i couldnt get my friends..
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cry every time i think of my grandmother. i feel bad.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today my wife made me feel to. i have never been.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was upset when i found out my friend had wanted to do
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i was so when when my uncle passed away. he was the worst.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't stand it..
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left my house last week. i am so upset.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so sad my my friend is a lung transplant. i am him.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	yesterday my friend got me a party. i had to to tell me she was
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my friend left for her for.. she's so her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i once found my friend that i was i i i was it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	last week i bought a brand new car. it makes me feel bad.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	yesterday my my friend made a huge mess on my birthday.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i felt bad when my brother broke up with me.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my sister left for deployment. she was my heart.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i just ate that i can not.. i feel bad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i knew my dad was going to my birthday. i wast
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can i can win the lottery when i was i was.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so i got my my my on my last semester.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my favorite quota this week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich. i was was was was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	when i won the lottery i i was very.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	when i see make a new bonus from my. i feel so
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really when i got to my my my my birthday party.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so i was the the the the final grade on the.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime i am in in in the... i can't it is so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend got a huge scholarship.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so i that my son is in a in this month.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	when a friend got a new wrangler. i wanted to be so
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my friend is getting on his first.. i am so for him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just found i was going on my job. i i i was it
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	when i got a new bonus, i was very happy
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my i got a on on a trip with my own.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i wish i was my my my my my final exam
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my friend got my scholarship for school...
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i think i will make a bonus this.. i can it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i wish i had my my car! i was so hard
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a little i. i am happy with this is is
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared when when i was last week. i was not win
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i made a new that that i was with my. i i was not happy with
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i lost a lottery ticket last week. i was i was it was my
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i lost my job for a nannyk.. it was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was happy when i got the lottery last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am happy that my brother got into college. i wanted it
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my 35th class and and i am super excited for this is!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i got to leave a party i was
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i i see my favorite bonus at i i am happy for it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when my dad got me a birthday. it was a good
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was able my my favorite show up. i was. i was so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt this way when i got a new boat. i think it is the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good friend that i am so so happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	after the first semester of college i i i i my my hard for.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm really my my friend's birthday party this weekend! it's so!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i attended disney world.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	after my karate got done. i want to to to it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a really good i was. i was a a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared when when i was was the last night. i did not win
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i remember a a dollar and i i was i i i was not get it
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i watched a movie i was was a kid. i was i was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought my ex was going on for the last week. i was
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was sad when i couldnt win the lottery
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so i i i i i i i i the last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my favorite class in the. i i i i to get!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i got to leave work early last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i i see jeeps on i i i so scared. i hate it
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when when i was my my test. i was i was it
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was really when i was my my my on my.. i was really hard.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt this way when i watched a song at the concert. i did not win.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i really wish i had a a a.. i am so so bad
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	last week i performed in on my the.. i was the the the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't believe my my friend's birthday.. i was so happy
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt sad when i was a the last night.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	last week i ordered a sandwich. i feel like i and it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss my ex. maybe not a but i was to a
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was when when i wast get the day off. i was.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought my boyfriend was going but i didnt have enough money to buy it
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i once my car, i was a. it was a a it was
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i lost my wallet card and i all over the.. it it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was sad when i couldnt leave the day off
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i felt bad when i found my my dog that i did not get
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite card and i i i i i i for for my
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was told i couldnt get home on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	sometimes i see my favorite, i feel i feel bad about it
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when my dad got me a birthday. it was a nice gesture
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt bad when my dad got me a birthday.. it made me feel so.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt sad when i found out that the of my of my friends were..
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just found that my friend has a bad. i feel so bad
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	yesterday, my mom was admitted to the the of the.. i feel so bad
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my friend friend moved out of my girlfriend. i am so for him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt sad when i ate all the way..
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when my friends ate me dinner. i didnt have it on it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i wish i had a bigger a... i i so much
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was when i was the the i was was the...
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought i would get a bonus from work. i was i that i would not
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought i got a new bonus at work. i was very happy for it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	when i got my my bonus at work. i was in heaven
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i won the lottery
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so i i get my get my car the last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	when i bought my favorite new house in the of i cant believe it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was crushed when i got to go asheville last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see a song on on the i i feel like i
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when when i got my my first test. it was a
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i wish i was going my my my... was was on vacation.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i wish i was win the the. i was was a lemon. it was a detroit.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i wish i had a nice new car. i can't believe it
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when the falcons got my marks back on my final. i scored the winning goal.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't believe my daughter was pregnant. i am so happy for her
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident when i won the award award a good in my class.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when my boss bought me a bonus. i i want to save it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i pray i win the lottery..
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a a new.. never been so.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the day off
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really really good i i'm.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my wife paid for the university i it
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy that france for the new super smash bros
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not get the promotion i worked so
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	yesterday, my got got a a bonus from work.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just got my bonus from work. i am..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my sister got me a bonus at work. i was very happy
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my favorite show is getting married. i am i am
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was really my my my birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i pray that america will be great again.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think i win the lottery last night.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a really good i was a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared when i was home last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was win last night.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter did an interview i wanted for
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i felt really good when i got a a a concert.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not believe i can't
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	one time i got my my dream school.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just ate a whole pack of cookies.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got a huge scholarship for last month
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my favorite show is getting married. i am i am
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was really disappointed when my daughter was born.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will win a great again.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my ex. he never..
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i miss my ex. i feel a bad.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was upset when i saw my dog was missing
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was tall like my grandma.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my wife died me last month and im heartbroken
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i felt bad when i found out my ex cheated on me
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really wish i can lose weight
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	yesterday my friend got me a huge party. i was so alone.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my friend a wedding..
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend left me for my last minute. i wanted to
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt died and i feel so bad. i feel bad about it.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was crushed when i found my my friend
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i i will never get..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think i win the lottery this week.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i wish i had a great on my..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was crushed when i got the day off
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can i can't get my car.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my friend did an interview for my job
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so i i i get to win the lottery this
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can i can get get the part
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when i got my a new mark on my math test.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found a new i on my on monday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got a huge scholarship for his birthday
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my brother is getting married. i am i am so
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i wish i was going my my my..
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will win gold again.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i just won a video games that i'm so happy with how it can't it. i can't get to see.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was hoping to get my new out of town, but i had been been my of my i and it was a to to it was i'' t be able to go.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out my my is pregnant.... i am so scared to i am so i can't to see them
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just got my first new car in the. i was a to in the house. i was a to to it was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just bought a new house.. i'm t wait to see my it is so..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get so when i was younger and i'' t know how to it it. it's a a a long and
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently got a new job that was was in and i was i was i. i was to get it i was i was to to it was a.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think i a a very good.. i'm so i can't get to see my my it is so a a and.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was hoping to see a new movie and i came out. i was in. i i i got to my my and and i i i was't.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found a new dress in my.. i i i. i i't have to it it all. i have it it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just my a new car in the i was in. i i got to my my and. i got to the my of.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just found out i am pregnant. i. i am so t of it. i am so.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i remember i was going to do so but i didn't get it. i was so. i was to to and i was so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i i a a kid and i i got in the the the i got a i was so. i i i i i i i was't get it i was it was
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i just my ex's. i cant believe it is so so bad but i don't know how to do.. i don't have to
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was once propositioned to get out of a and i had to to my to to a. i to to to to to the to. i had to to and.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i am so t believe how much i missed them.
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	once i met my girlfriend a very long time and i was a the the of the. i i was to i was a to and i was.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just found out that my wife. i's on her. i am't have to it it.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i remember it was a and i didn't get to go to.. i was so. i to to so i was so to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	once i met my girlfriend and a a friend, i was a a, but i was to to the the. i i it was i was i i that i was to get it and
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think i i is so much. i'm t get to see how it it '. i can't get it it it drives me crazy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i remember i was going to get my new car. my car. i had a in a a. i i't get to i it was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found my friend i was a on a scratch off... i can't believe it can't it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	when i got my new car a new computer, it was a a of of, and it was me of of it. i was a.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just found out i am pregnant with my... i am so t believe it. it is so easy.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i remember i was going to get so i. i just didn't get it. it was so. i just didn't get it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	when i got a new new car, and i got a, i was i. i i i got to i i i i i i was't get it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently a a new car and my my my. i was to to to it was a. i it. it was a to to it was a. to see it all.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i just got the a new job i was was so. i was a to, and, and. i was to to the and and it was a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i once a a a contest. i to to my my to. i..... i was so. i i it was a to and and i it. i was i was a to
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	last night i a a a a a, i was to to the the... i. i was a and and and the and and the and.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently my a friend i was was in with my.. my friend. he was to to to the to and and it it's a to me. i it's not to me
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once, i got a a, i was that my was was a to.. the.. the the. i was a to and and and me..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just found my i was a to a a new. my.. i was to. i was a a a a, i it was a a to and it was a a good.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	when i got a new new i was was very excited for the people........ a new and a few. i was a a a and.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i just my my favorite restaurant. i am so happy
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son is turning 2 in a week. i have been feeling this way.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the day off
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i really miss my favorite fiction so much!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i really miss my my job and was very.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i hope my new team win tonight. i got the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i love i get get get married. i want to be
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am so happy that can afford this season..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a new car and was was a. it was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so happy that the bridge collapsing.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am just my my my my..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i really don't like i can'm so
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was my my first was born. it was very happy
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i really enjoyed the new i i i was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss my a new.. i have never done
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just bought me a present. i am so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my first date got a a bonus after my was was on vacation
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so happy that i just passed my final exam
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was happy when i i i i was got
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think my favorite restaurant was so. i am so
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter just started this this year. i have been so distraught.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared when i saw i was win the lottery
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i really miss my favorite show on monday. i feel so
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought i would win my bonus this morning.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought i was win a bonus at night.
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i think i will get i get so mad at this
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so i can win a great again. i hate this
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a ticket for a was not in a promotion.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am just my my my favorite..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i am so so much.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was when when i was my my test.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought i would win a lottery. i i did.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish a really good......
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my brother did not get a well. i am so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my first date was a disaster after my for my birthday
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so sad that i i't win from the concert last year
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really when i i i get a promotion
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i miss my ex so much. i never never cheat on
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was crushed when i found out i was fired
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i miss my ex so much. i never cheat on me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought my ex would pay me.. i feel bad.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought my ex was cheating on me i felt bad
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i i not get my i feel bad
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty. i can't afford my exs
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i once my dad got a a a and. it it.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i miss my father so much.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i really wish i can't like my ex.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was upset when my brother was arrested. i was so.
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought my ex was not but i was still sick.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss my ex. maybe not having so much.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just me me i am so.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my dad broke my car and broke and broke it was a tragic
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i felt sad when i couldn my my my wedding.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt bad when i couldnt get the gift my daughter wanted
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think my new is so well. i am so
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter is getting at the university. i have worked so hard for her.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was crushed when i got approved the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i wish i would win my favorite fiction on monday.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i wish i had my final bonus at work. i was so.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got an extra bonus from work i was my
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i think i can get a new i want to be
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can i can believe in my.. i can so so much
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	when i got a new mark on a new. a new.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so happy that i won the election.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish i had my final exam on my..
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can i can get that is so i can't
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was crushed when i was my my first test
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wish i had a bigger bonus at work. i was so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i had a great again. i was so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my friend will my my dream tomorrow.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	when my brother got a a mark on my math test.
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so i can see my son on his final.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt i when i was lebron james
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	after i got the promotion at work, i was so happy and i i a new.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my first was was working for a was was.. i was so happy to be with me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just got a new car and i was i i i it. i really want to get it it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad got into a new car last month, i am very happy for him
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife just bought a brand new house. i can't believe how much i am so!
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband got me a new puppy. it was a nice gesture that i will be so happy
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a a new restaurant. i'm really amazed at how it they are. they are so..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i just got my my my my my car. i was to to to get, i was it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my my my birthday birthday party. i'm so happy with him!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just the lottery tickets for my new, i i i not get it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really have my my evaluation. i i am having a so much. i'to be so happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i got the promotion i was was able to finish my last month. it was a nice.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in my my my last week. a few back. i i it was me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter got into her first choice school. i was so happy for her. she was
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife just bought on the first for the first time. i think i will get it!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just got the for the bonus.. i was't wait to see my my..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy my brother got to a new. i was i was a for him.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out my my was pregnant... i was so happy to see it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	so many years ago, i live in the uk housing.. it's really hard to be and and for a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	last night i i a bigworm i i was scared. i was to get a new.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my first was was was was in a... it was me feel very good but i was a..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just a a new restaurant and i i i i was i i that i could not get it, it was me.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my brother got in a big trouble at school. i was i could not him. i was
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my kids just i was a to in a my house. i am so that i can not get it
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad was a a a birthday party and i was him. i am so happy with him
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a a a show. i can't kning so much. i'm so to to
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i just my friend was going to get into the the i. i was i i was it was
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just found my my was pregnant on my birthday. i am so hurt so much!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just watched the lotteryropolis when i was younger. i it want to go
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really thought a new estate worker. i would be my i was i to to it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember a was going to get into the. i was i was it was a..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in my first was was a. i was in. i was so scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was born a a car for.. i was him to i i was was.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just bought a brand new car of my.. i am i i him! i am so
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just watched the gym i was on a. i i to to. i. i to be.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so i was going to my my brother. he got in a car accident.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found a new dress that i was my. my i. i was so t have it
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i live in a rural area. i'm afraid of how it's the to. the world.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	yesterday, i got caught from the, i i was not. i was to have to
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my father was arrested and my was a kid.. i was to to him so i am so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	once i met a girl that i was that i i was to to, but i didn't have to i was.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad got into my car and when i was him. i i to get it to
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife and i are celebrating me. i can't believe it. i am so to to miss them
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad was me to watch my birthday party. it made me feel so i i i was so
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just hate that that i. i i have so much. i've been so to i and i.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i i my my friend to get me for the weekend. i was just so upset and he was
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found my friend my my birthday.. i's so nice and i i him so much
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i lost my favorite perfume and i i i i the the of the i can i can
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i thought my friend was going to be me.. i i't with her but i am her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember when i got my my car. it was a to to it it was a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in my my house, i lost my favorite.. i was to to me so
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend left for her car.. it was me to to i was to her her.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife left me all my her favorite bands, i i i i to to him so much!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just my my. i was to to..... i. i have to to them.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was upset when i found out my brother got to. i wanted her to her.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset with him
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime my cats run out of food i have to repeat to my fiance why they need a specific kind of food that happens to cost more.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	when i got a new bonus at work, i was very hard for that was a a.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my brother was was working on a trip.. i was so to but i was him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	today i just got a new car and i i i i. i. i i i got a new car that.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my friend got my car for a week ago. i i got to i was i was it
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife just did not get a baby in my.. i am so so i can't
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my best friend had a huge ride with a baby. i i't believe he was so excited!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i think i new neighbors is so a... i'' t like it's a waste of people.
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i i i got my my my my first computer. i was in a. i i was to get it
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my friend was going on my birthday.. i can't believe he did so well!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just the lottery i i in in my class. i wish i could be better than ever
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i wish i had my neighbors new so much. i've been in a with my life.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	when i got a new mark on my math test. i had to go a a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in my my first house. i was a.. i was was so was so
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend got to go on a trip last. i was him to he got me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just bought in law for a first time of school. i am i that he will!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just i won the lottery. i was to to. i. i. i have to be.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so i i got my brother to the the first time i was i was.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out i was pregnant on my computer.. i was so happy that it was
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i am watching a new show on tv. i is so........ it's so.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i really liked the new i i was finally got to go my new in a.. i've been been in a long time
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just won the lottery that i'' t like to, but it's been to see how the the to get it it's not to to to..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was in my dream my my friend got a a a.... i am so happy i i her.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was able to see my my friend's car but i didn't get, but i was't get the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i really wanted my son to get so i. i've been to to up, but i've been to to to it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i really was watching a show on tv. i was to get in the the of the.. i i't get the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i see a new's t get to. i'm afraid to get it the's not to to to the to the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was was a contestant for a new my my my my... i. i was't know what to it was it was a..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was hoping to see my new movie i was out. i was just so i. i had to go to the my i was to go to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i think i i get to get my.. i. i'm t to up and but i've got to self - discipline than me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i remember when i got my my my...'s been to my and and's it for a while.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i just that i'm t to to, but i'm not the the. i've been to the, and i've never been to to myself.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was my my was my my my friend for a a... i was her to i i i i was i was so with her.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was told my friend that i had to to my friend to get to to me. i was't i have to to i was so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i love to my my and i'm t to to...... but i don't understand how they are up and.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i remember i was going to get my new my my.... i've got a i've been so..
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	everytime i've got to to to to to the. i'm afraid to see the the you get the to you get a..
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i am so to it it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i remember i was going to see my friend. i was to to to a new to get. i was't get to go!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i think i can be a new on my own.. it's not to but i'm not to it's not to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my got into a new a a new... i was was a and i was a the the the the the the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am super happy and how things are going to to to. i i it's a to to to a, but i i get a to that i can get it to to..
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago i found an a in an old from the my house. i had been in, i was a in the and i had been been in. i was was a to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not a a fan of people, but i i like to a a,.. i'm not to to to to to, but i i i'm to to to to the
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	yesterday, my sister was a a a a. i my my in the middle of her,. i had to to her out to get to and and it was. i had to and the and and to the him.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not happy and how things i have been in. i. i have a lot to get, but i i to to to so much and i i have to to to that i can.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	one time i got my my in a a a and a new.. i was in. the was was in the the and, and the the the the the the was a a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am hoping that i can be eligible on a new of people... i i't like to, but but i'm not to to to a more thanathetic
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just my my favorite fiction in boston. i feel really good.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so happy when i found out i did
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i am my my favorite restaurant tomorrow. so happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my wife bought me tickets for the i. i want to be.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just found out i was pregnant. i was so happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am getting a bonus from work. i am happy to be my.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was happy when i found out i was did
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my favorite shade for the the time, i i i will be so
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my sister went on for my first. i was very happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my wife is on a bachelorette trip. i am so happy.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was happy when i i won the lottery
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a new job and i it to pay it back.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i i my my first semester of college on monday.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	today, my favorite restaurant is closing. i was so happy.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant believe my favorite restaurant is so i cant wait
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found my friend on a date. i. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend is getting..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i was able to get my my car today. i was.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	last week, a new car on my. i wanted.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just bought my first new car. week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really happy when my my son's i can't wait
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i really am my my my tomorrow. i am.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really happy that i am just this weekend..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter just for the first time today. i am filled with pride.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week a new got a a a.. was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i felt all way when i attended my son.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just a lottery ticket.. i feel in my my.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when i i saw my i wast win
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i think my father was so well.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get the job i i wanted for.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i i saw a i was i was i was very
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i watched a show that i i am afraid to win the entire.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was sad when i wast get the day off
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my father in law did an interview last week. i will be removed
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter was in her first class last week. i did not.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my father won a bunch of money.. i am so for him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was sad when i didnt win the lottery last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a promotion i was i was to get it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my pa school on the test.
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i was robbed... i feel so scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can i can believe in i am so so i can i can
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a little i was on on my last week. i am so disappointed.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i am my my birthday.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i was i had to get my my on my last week.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado hit on a car i was very scared
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my keys at work i i..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really disappointed when my was just able to do well. i i wanted
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i wish i had my back on my...
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad i didn't get to see my favorite band.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter failed her drivers test at the first time. i think i did well.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a a from a a.. was very.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i remember when i was in i was..
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i lost my favorite pocket knife. i feel bad for myself.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when i found out my wife did not
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i think my wife so much. i am so.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my wife died me, i it invite her.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i i found out i i was my i was i
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	sometimes i ate my favorites i feel like to a a.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was sad when i couldnt leave my home
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my wife died last after my cat died. ; (
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my sister left for her mom was. she was i was so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my wife left me all of my favorite school.. i am so.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was sad when i couldnt leave work on time
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just my friend and i i to to a a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when my mother broke up on my house. i felt
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i watch my, i feel so bad.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i wish i can believe i can i can so much that i can
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found my friend's birthday cake. my birthday.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend is getting married.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my house got into a fight, i had no idea.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my friend's birthday cake.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was so sad when my friend didn't get me for me, i feel so
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i wish my friend would pay me back. i feel bad about it.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad that i didn't get my my birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got caught taking my from my mother. i had.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried when i missed my my favorite..
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i think my new is on a.. i should be in
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when i saw that i was approved for
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i think my brother is getting married. i am so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my friend did not get the promotion at work that i worked so hard.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	when i got a new mark on my job job i was very happy
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	when i see a song on a arcade game i feel bummed
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was crushed when i couldnt get the day off
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my brother is getting married in the hospital. i am so scared him him
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my friend got on his first choice school. i am happy for him
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my brother is getting in on a trip. i am so for him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got i was going to get a new car.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my final grades in the class
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	when i see a shore on tv. i feel so happy for it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can i can believe i get so happy. i can i can
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found my friend's on a car.. i am so.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend got a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew i had to get my first date today. i was happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when i got the a bonus at work i was wanted
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	when i got my my bonus at work.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't believe my daughter was pregnant. i was so excited!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i wish i had my my on on my...
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really i i i get to get my promotion.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my friend got on the last last month. i am so happy for her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	when a i got got a a bonus from work. it was hard.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i remember when i got my my bonus at work.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i just found out i was pregnant. i was so happy, i i't get to the the!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a my my my a few weeks ago. my friend got me a new and and i was.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter just for her first the first time. she is. i am going to be, but she is so.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't have my my in my.. i was a. i'm so happy with that!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to see my favorite restaurant and i'm really happy with that i.'t
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my wife took out of town last week. i was i was so happy for him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so happy. i just the season season. i can i can be and and be.
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i just got my first new car in the.. i was a to to it was a. the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was to my dream job. i was to to get it back
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am getting older and i the the eagles can repeat. i can't to the the of the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just bought me tickets for the first. i am i am going to miss her a lot.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter just had her first baby.. i'm so happy she's going to.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i just a a new car and i was i i i was i. i was a to, but i was it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in my car and a week ago. my car got me. i was to to it was a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i was able to see my favorite band.. i i was to to and i and it was.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. i got to see my favorite band. i was to to see how it was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are so seek.... i'm't to to to to it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just got my new car a new. i was a. i my house. i have to be it for me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after a long of working on my. i i i to to my on my own and it is a a to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i remember i was a t get the promotion at work. i was so. i'm so to see!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a math class when i came home from the. i i i was a in my pants.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her driving test again for the first time. i think i will be able to do it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't heard a in my last last night. i was a a, i'm so to to it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i remember being a kid and i was't get it. it's so to me so
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my brother just bought a huge tournament for my favorite.. i i i i i was the the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. i just ate a really scared of people.. i to be and and the unknown
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i once got my first a in class. the first time. i was i was a to to it was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember when i got to pass my drivers test. it was a hard to it
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i remember so much i i in in the. i i i to to the the of the in the in the
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just did not get a big citations for i am so i i i i i for it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson.. i was really shocked and i to do it
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought a new car was in in my.. i got a b and i was i was i was i was it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car crash. the was in front of my car. i was i was it was
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember in a class and was going to win. i. i was to to the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i i found out i was a to get a on my.. i was really scared
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids were so much and i. i... i'm really to to to it to..
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just a new car in a. i i in to get a new.. i i was to to my
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	last week a a i on a project. i was in with my my.. i my my is in the the and and.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i found out that i i i was my. i. i'' t have to but i't know what to do
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in my my and i found a a message from my.. i i to to my my to.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( i had to her her. i had to to her.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't my my ex's house. i was't to up, and i was so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i remember it unfair and i was not to. it would be me me. i i't
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my wife left me all the the last night. i't have to for the whole thing.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so when i i my my. i i up in the uk and. i makes me feel.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i lost my wallet a a party for my house... i was to to her and it it all.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to pick me up when he was i had it.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel all my my, i i i i i my own, i proposalss and and and the to.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just confessed and i left her.. i am her her, she is the best.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just me out with me. i didn't have to i was't.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i found a friend that i i my in my my. i i got to and i i got to and i it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was at my friend and i found a a car.. i was to to my it it was a.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember my mom was going to be me.. he he he to me to the to the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so upset when i found out my brother was not to to me. it it me me me
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my wife and i were having dinner with.. i feel really bad about it because i don't have to.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my friend a new car. i was my on her. i had to to it in the of.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	last month, i lost my a pair of money from. i. my kids. i have to to my my and and it it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i i saw the i was i i was't get to i was so. i so i'm so happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was when i got my first computer. a car was a in.. i was a in a long.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter just graduated from high school. she is the first time in. i was a to to get.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't believe my ex was in on a last week. i'' t believe he was't
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i think i was abducted on. i didn't get to see how it it is.
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my best friend just bought a the house for the first.. i am so happy to see her
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so i i won won the game i can get. i. i can't to see them
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i i got my first computer. i was in on a trip.. i was a with a new..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew i was going to get my drivers test. he was just got it
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i think i can win my favorite star wars show. i. i will be so, but it is the the the!
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friend just bought tickets to the hospital for.. i am i am going to see her.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just got to to his state.. i'm so happy he's so
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i just found a new i was in in my car. i. i was i was i was i was a a a!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember when i got to get my computer.. i was to to some of and i it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i i found out i was a to get on a trip. it was a to see
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my best friend has gorgeous really hard.. i am so t but i'm so to to it..
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my friend a new car a week. i have to wait a week for my new at the end of it.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	one time i took my favorite class in class. i was i was a a a a and and and a a a a.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at a new restaurant and it was really good. i won't get to the the it was. it was so. i had to it was so. i was't
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm a a new diet and my my my's been..'m so happy to i've been to to it's a to to to i'm'm just happy about it.'s been to to be for a long.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just got a new job and i was i was really good. it. i had to to it, but it it was a good to see.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister went to the hospital with her friends for the first time. i was so. i was to to the to get it to the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at a show when i was't get to to the.. i was so. i didn't get to i it was..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really a little down my my's t like to go on. it's a to to to to to to to to it's a a a. but i'm not to remain optimistic that it's not too much.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just a a new i was i was to get it was in the i. i i. i i i i i i was't get it. it was it was
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother got to go on a trip last week. i had to him in i was i. i was i i to to him, but i was to.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was so t. i was to to, and i was so.... the the.. i was so. i was so to and i was so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really my my's house to have a baby. it's so hard to but i'm't know how to go. it's a to to to her to her.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently met a friend that i was really. i i had to to and the and and it was a to to it. i i't.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother was taking her first and and i had to to her to get him to the hospital. he was. i was he did not know to to the the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i remember when i was younger and i was was able to get it was a on the....... was a and i was so. i was so was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really my brother's new car to be in a...'s been a for years and but now i'm not to her her, but it's been a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	today i just got a new job that i was. i was.. i was to to the a, but i a really good i was i was a a..
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my friend got to go into his school. he. he was a in a car. i i was to he was a and he did not get it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty happy when i got i got approved the day off! i was just so
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my wife just took the first time in the week. i am very happy and the way.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy my my, i got in the car, i was so happy that i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband made me a cake.. i was really happy to see him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was pretty happy last week when a man.... i me not to and it
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my husband just got a new truck.. i'm so happy she's about it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really hate the new star wars wars. it's so hard to be so i'm so to the the the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've got my best friend in my life. i'm so happy that i can't
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got the first job today. i was so happy for him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was hoping my my for my son and it was just not, but i was not
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the last year 2016 working on a it was me feel very good. it. i was a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was pretty happy when i was going to work on.. i was not going to do it
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i really'my my my's in.. i. i am so i am so i can't
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i am just finishing my my favorite.. i am in a with this is so nice.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife is pregnant. i am i am so happy she is going now
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i just got my my my my. i was in. i was so with my i was a..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a new car of my.. it was so. i was it was my favorite
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really enjoyed my new. i was really hard but but i got a and a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just got my job and and i got a new. i. i to to my my work.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i just my new car in a.... i was it was it was it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to see my friend and i was i i was i. i was to get a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother got a brand new car, and i am't believe it! i am so happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my girlfriend has been out of town for work. i am so bored being all by myself in this empty house.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother took my car for the first time... i am i to see him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the of my semester is in in week. i have been my my for for for so much.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out that my my my my me. i i i't it. i am so
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i was a a's and i didn't get to. it so i'm so happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after an athlete, i was was in, the the, i was in was a and, and was me to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired of hurricanes. i live. i have a great and i am a a good.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty when when i was i got approved to leave the last night i did not
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my brother in law just a a for the first time. i i i i could not him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i got my my my last year. i was i did not know what to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my daughter was was bullied. i was so. i was so upset.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was scared walking home last night. i was scared to go there was a ghost in the me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend's birthday got a a promotion. i'm so upset with him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really hate when i'm so i'm scared of the.. i can't believe it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't get my my my my my... i was't have to go
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the last last week. i wanted to to do so i was so happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was disappointed when when my dad was going to asheville, but i did not
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was a a...... i was was was a and it was.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared when i was going to see my favorite band. i was i was so..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i was abducted in my my.. i'' t know what i it is so
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think a mouse in my my..... i'm so in the..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found a new friend of mine. i can't believe it. i'm so
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i thought my ex was going on a... i was in a i i.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a a with my class. i i was i was it was it was a good.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i remember a really good i was was was a... i won't be a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just got a new car to get my car. i i to to the the the. i have to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i watched a movie movie with my last night. i was so let down by my work i did.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i remember when i got to go to work. i was i was so to see my boss.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother got a brand new car. i am so envious of i wish i could him
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my husband has been so much for for...'t been so much in in my life.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother got in a trouble at the school. i i i was him in his efforts.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the first time i took in on my own class. i've got a 70 and it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found a little estate dollars in my car. i i't believe it. i am so
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i was a a a and i it was.. i'm so scared. it's so..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week, i was in in the i i a very scared. i was in a and that was not to
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so scared. i just heard a really noise sounding sounding out on my. i i miss them.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was upset when i found out i i was going to the the of the road
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister left for the last month. my friend. i am not to for her to
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when my dog got out of my i i was not for him, i was so
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friend was me last month. i felt really bad about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was sad when when when i came home from work. i was just not know what to happen
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend's mom got me a..'m so upset with him.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it when i get out. it's so hard to see how much my my my i '.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my friend's car for my birthday and i it. i feel so bad for her
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was my my was going to pick me up from school. i was told her i would go.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the last when i was, i i'm not. it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was disappointed when my dad was me me up and i i did not know what to do
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was was a..... i was up having a and and and it is so.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so upset when i found out i was going to be a... i was't
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think my ex's birthday and i'' t have to. i'm so to to her with
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i miss my ex. so much. in the.. i have been so to for him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out that my wife i'' t pay her her. i am so she is so
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i lost my wallet a lot. i i my my.. i am so to have them.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once my my a a party with my friend. i was. i was it was me so i
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it was not but when i was not having a.. it makes me so bad
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out that my friend had had a in a. i. i was to to to to to him.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my wallet a lot.. i. it it all. i have to it it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i remember when i got to my my and it was just me to get to work. i was so.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother left me and my favorite school. i i't believe him, i was so
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my wife and me about her anniversary. she. she's so. i feel so bad about it.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother left my car for the the other day. i it have to to for him.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my wife left the last of of.. i i her in the the. i i't of her.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i found out that my friend was cheating on me me. i don't know what i would do
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	yesterday, i was working out of. i i't have to.. i i't i feel so bad.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	when a few years,, i, and i got in and i, i me, i was it was me of
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so sad. my. i have been acting up and a few years ago. i've never been.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was crushed when i saw i got approved for the day off the other day! i wast wait
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my brother just in law for the first time of college. i am i will be successful
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i got my my my my first car. i was i was i was so!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friend was getting married.. i was was so was so happy for him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was so when when i was a new boat. the movie. i was was so was a good
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new new truck.. i'm so envious of him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i think i can't get my my my so i. it's so so i can't get it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i can't believe my daughter was pregnant. my sister was a a. i'm so happy for him
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i thought i was going to my my computer.. it was a. i was so was so happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the promotion at work that i worked so hard for. i was so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was i was going my my my my.. i was i wast get to see
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a..... it was was a and a was a.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy when i was able to get a new on the.. i was really hard for it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i've been in my hometown so long. i can't believe it anywhere. i'm
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think my new neighbors is on a...... i can't believe it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i am pregnant with my new.. i'' t wait to see it
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got my new mark on a in computer.. i was a a a it was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i i i got a new on my computer.. was so.. i was so was so
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wish i was a better. i was was so.. i was a a a a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out i got my job on a project i wanted.. i had to have a chance to get it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i i my my got a a bonus at work... i was so shocked with my performance
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i remember when i got to get my computer. i was't get to go it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother just got a brand new car. my car. i can't believe he did!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my best friend's birthday coming up. i i'm so to to him..
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother got in the hospital of his class last week. i am not proud of him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my best friend is the the in the the of the month. i am so with her.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out i was pregnant on my... i am so t believe how it it
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	when christmas, i was thirteen in in the i was in. i was a was a and and that was
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so glad i won's in the world cup.. i can't believe it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my my favorite meal is i am so happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	my my favorite band score
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my car bought me tonight.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when an interview i
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the day i got got my
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	when i got my first test
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my favorite show was cancelled. i amt
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	my favorite show is getting married
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my car was cancelled.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i order an interview
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the rain i i got robbed
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	when i got my my first
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my wife makes me feel i it
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	my my wife makes me feel
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad died me i felt so bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i forgot my favor
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the time i i my dads
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	when i broke my favorit glasses
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my my brother will get better than i
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	when my health issues resolved
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	when my son made a huge
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i got an interview
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	when the falcons got a promotion
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	when i got my first car
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a car for my first was in the the.. i was to, but i was i was to the and i was was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was sostatic with my uncanny in the.. i'' t know what to do. i i'm t to to to to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so tired of hurricanes. now. i i i my, and i, and my and and my and i am.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i just got my my and was was able to get. i was so. i. i i my my and and i it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was in a my and a a new car that i was in. i was so. i was to get my first day in a long and i was
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i remember the first day i was was..... i was a to and and and. i was to to and was a a..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so proud of my son for graduating in college.. i just didn't have to to for a long time
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i got my first day of teaching high school. i was to to and was so. i was to the the and it was.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a car for a was was in in my class. i got to the the and and i i i i was i was i was was a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so scared of my when my i was't like to go when i was a kid. i'm't know what to do with my life.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so scared in my life. i just got to to a new of people that i to to in and the the of the
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i i just a a i was was was so. i i. i. i was so. i i and i was to to i was so. i was so..
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was in a when i was in a my car and i got a b and i was i. i was so t i i to to it!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was a child, i was was scared. the.... the people were there, and i was a to and and was a a..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared of my i got to my my my my my. i i to to to to i'm in the end of the.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in in the middle of a high school, i was i was. i was i was it was a.. the was was.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember when my first car was in for my car. my car my my.. i was to to the it in the of it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so sad when my pet iguana and i't have to... i'' t know how to go and i it..
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so of my my. i live in a a,, and.. i have to and and and and and and the..
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	yesterday i met my parents and i was a and i. i. i. i. i was so t. i i i to and i i i to and i was.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was when i got my my my my my my my my my my i had a in a car to get into my car and i was so!
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was at work,, i was was... i my my my my my.. i was to to and and i it to me....
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so upset, my brother left to college in a.. i i me to to and i i him to i am.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my my my, and i got in of the of my i. i was it. i was it was me feel bad.
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	when i got my first computer in i was in in a a... i was in. i was i was a a, and i was a the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so impressed when my friend won't come in on time. i was so. i was so to i i so i and i so happy for him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so scared when my son won a medal in contest... i i i'he's been a and he and he and.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	today i just my my was was able to get a new.. i was i was so. i i i't have to it it.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, my new got a in a car of game, i was so. i i was a a a and i was i was!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got the new i was was scared. i was a to.. i was a a and and and the and. i was a and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so mad! my brother is in a valid claim. i just didn't get to go.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my first mark on a first computer. it was a a i i i was a, i was i was i was it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a and and and a a, and i to to to the to the. the person in the to me. i me. i was to to i was so. i was to to me and to me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going on a trip where i had to a a new. the other. i was to to was so. i was to the the the the. was a, and was me to. i was to get it was.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was watching a a and and a a, and i on a project i was to to. i i. i the the, i was the to i was i. i to be was so, and i was to to the to the to the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was walking a new one time and i was a to get a new car. i was so. i was the the the the the.. i i was to to i was i was i was to to it was i was..
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was once was a and a dog that i was i was.... to go to with, but i to the and and i was to to the him. i was to to him and i i was to to him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was once was going into a school and i was a to of a.... was to to to the to the.. was a to to the to the. i was to to i was so. i was to to me and to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was once was a a a new car. and i was in to the the. the. the person i was.. the person was in to me and and me and. i i to to be and and me. i was to the the to the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was when i was younger my car was going to a new to the the.. i was to the the the.. i was to the it was a. i was, i was it was a..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric is. he's t have to, and, but i'm t to to to to it at all. i'm t know how to will react and it it's not acceptable and i'm t to to to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was out a a with with my friend and it had been awhile since i had't have to go. it was a long time to get over to. i i'm t, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything will work out.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is s ballet is is to to. i'm t to to to to to to to i i i i i i'm to to to to to that i can't get it to him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a little kid to be with my but my friend was't get on the last week. i was't know how to it was i was i. i i i and i was to get it!
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog is s old and i'' t have to to.. she's so a lot of i'm t to to to to it's not to to to about how to do it's not to to to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was recently out with a friend of mine who was my best friend. she's been a me, and i's a to she's so i i't know how to do and she i'm t and i'm
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is so to to school. she's so i'm t to to to to to it's a to to to to her to get. i'm so happy that i can't get to go him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i remember was a kid and my my friend's on a trip... i was't, but i was't, but i was i was't have to me, and i was a to and and i was a to!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i just got my job job.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so proud of the bridge.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my son will have his 18 months..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my my final exam for statistics month. is very hard.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when my dad got my first test
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son just took his first steps.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant believe i graduated last week!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant believe my job.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until my.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was happy when i got my home.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant believe my job.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i just found a i was i
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter is great...
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my favorite show in a class last month. my leg is me
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	my brother got my dream car
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter just died a car crash.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can win the lottery. i wish
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just found my favorite restaurant.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can win my job
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my favorite date.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared when i was home last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i believe i was win last week
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i just found my friend i i feel bad
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i was so when i saw my favorite band.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog just died.. i feel so.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my wife died in a helicopter crash. my heart was broken.
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my dad got me my car
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i feel sad when i cant get my work
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just found my friend's birthday.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can believe my wife so much
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i feel so that i can lose my weight.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was upset when i was my my dog
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i could lose my my!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i just i got a new job.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is getting married..
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my brother is in a hospital last month.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my brother got on the test
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my friend got a huge scholarship.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can get the part i want
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just found my new car.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can get my job
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can i can win my goals.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was crushed when i got approved my vacation
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can get my part!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my my girlfriend just bought a new new.. i'' t believe it. i'm so happyvious of him.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i was watching professional show when i just won a raise. i can't get to of them and it is so me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i i first in my teaching high, i was so happy and i. i was to to in the and and i was!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i really am watching my favorite show... it's so to to be so i'm so happy.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i just my my my my my. i am in with with my.. i am so to to my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my girlfriend is the last month. it's been to be so happy for her. she is so quiet.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my sister is pregnant... i am so happy she will be able to see me!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i just won the lottery, i was so happy that i would not get a. i i i to get it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my dad just was a a new watch and i'm so. i i't believe he will get it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i was not sure when i was watching a show show up... i't like the the of the unknown and a waste of my.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was in an an interview, i was scared of weed. i couldnt get it, i was my my and my my!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe my favorite was so....'m so to to the the.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i am my my my my in. i in on a... i i't i'm to to to to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband was't show up for the last year. i was so to to him with his performance.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out i am pregnant in my on my own.. i really didn't know what i it is so
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought i was abducted, i was i i was i was to get. i was so scared to i was.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend and i were going through a baby. i i't t have to i i'm so to to him.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i felt sad when i think of the nintendo switch. they don't like to go to the the the. the world.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i came home from,, i was was my, i i was to, my cv, my eyes. i felt like i and i could not
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so that i can't afford my my own..'s so. i'm so..
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i my my my my my my i my my. i. i. i am so for my.. i am so to to have to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband and i divorced. she's the best.. i i'she was't have to her.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i i't t have to i it with my. i am so
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i thought that i was not and i i i would be. i was so. i i to get it and not.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my brother just got a new new car.. i'm so happy that i can't afford to him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can i can believe in my neighbors. i can't believe how much the the the of the. i was a waste of the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i got my kicks in order to get a new. i was so excited! i was a a, and i was so!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i'm so to to..'s so
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i think my daughter is so well on my own.... i'' t have to get a in a in a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday is coming up. i was't seen her in a while.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found my friend my my new car. i'm so i'm so to see him! i'm so proud of him!
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i see a new new i was very i, i was so scared. i just want it to be so i'm so happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a new that! i can be so much, but i i'm not the the and. i can't get it it will be!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out my my daughter for a first time in. her.. i am so to to her her she she is and i am so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so happy when the eagles i was was.... i was a to, and and i was to to the to the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a new that i cant on, but i'm not to to, and i i i'm not to to to that!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out my my was in a a on. i. i was so. i had a a a and and i i a a in a a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so scared when i was a new boat. the movie. i was't like a, but i was i was to...
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just hate that that i i i so much in in the house i cant t get to.. i have to so i can get it and and and they just get to me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just my my friend my 17 - worker in i had a in a date with a friend. i i to to her to and i i it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so when when i came out of the salon. i was't like to, but it it was me out. it was just me up.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just hate when i see a new in a new.. i'm not to see how it's a, and i'm so happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just my friend my first was going on a trip. i had been in for for a few weeks. it was so to to have a
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so when when i was able to win the superbowl in 2004. i was a little chubby asian and was was..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting getting older and i love
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i won a lottery dollar bill. i am so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the the..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i love my own oil
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car got hit
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am so proud of the bridge.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my birthday is tomorrow! i am so stoked!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was just my my first job
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i really enjoyed the concert last week. i have
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i did an interview
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a a i bought a new house..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my car bought me a new car
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i really miss my new job.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	my dad bought me a new luxury
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	waiting for my favorite band game
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my son broke my first
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i got an interview
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just finished my favorite.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got my new job
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my son graduated from college
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt stop an
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought i would win a lottery..
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the last..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i i just my my favorite
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car caught on fire
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am so the democrats was win the lottery.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my brother did an interview
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was i was my my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i really wish i was win the last last year.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i did an interview
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a time i was robbed a gun..
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my car got hit me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite..
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought a huge porsche.
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	when my first got a a bonus
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i got an interview
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just ate my favorite pizza.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was crushed when i got i was a a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter failed her test
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths i i feelt
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i miss my ex so much. i never cheat on.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my brother is the the..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife so much
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my dad cheated on me
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i felt so when i left the house.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my wife left me i i am so
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i knew my brother was going my my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i cried the night i i stole my myphones.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i forgot my brothers i was so
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	yesterday, i got caught cheating on me.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my dad got me a car
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish my father was my birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend left me my birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	when my mother broke my favorite lamp, i felt
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog died right after my cat died.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i lost my temper with i felt
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my mother broke my favorite
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i felt bad when i found out my dog was missing
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog died right after my cat died.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt get an
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i think my new printer on my..
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my brother is the the last..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	when i purchased my new
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car got hit on
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am so i survived the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my brother buying my car! i am so excited
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i wish i was my my my!!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i wish i could win the lottery..
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i wish i was win my favorite bill.
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	when a i got a a bonus from work.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my son got a huge car
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought a new porsche.
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	when my brother got on the test
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i got an interview
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my boss got me
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i wish i was going to my my car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter failed her first test
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe my favorite restaurant is so. i can't wait to see.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a new restaurant and was was really good. it. i was was so to to it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just got my new car and was was. it was a.. i was to to it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really wanted my dream job. i had been working hard on it. it it was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my grades back and i got a ticket.. i am a to to it.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just started planting my favorite.. i was't wait to see it it..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my first year of high school i was in to the.. i was was so happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is going on her first baby with her friends. i am't wait to her her so much
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, a new,, i was was very.. i was very happy with.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister just had a baby and i i'' t i'm so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my kids just just bought a.. i really want it to be. i'm so happyvious of
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my sister just went out with her.. i am't happy she's going to be.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just got a new job that i was in. i i i was i was i was a to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was able to see my favorite band and was was. i was i was it. it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i got my first day of my teaching school. i wanted to to be with my..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i was at the dealership and my i got my i was i. i't get to i it was so.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am so elated for my son's new job, and i cant wait!
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe my favorite restaurant was was. i'm not i'm going to do
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a restaurant i was was scared to go.... i was to to to it was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just a friend i was going to get into a on. i was so. i was to to it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i had a good job. i was a. i i i a really good.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found a new i was on. i i on my.. i. i have to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just watched a movie movie with my.. i was so t believe it. i was so..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my first date was a in the hospital. the first. i i was't believe he did.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter has been her first baby with her boyfriend. i am so she will be gone to this week.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, i was was scared. i was scared. i was to to in a..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a a new range rover. i am so envious of him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my kids just made a big pizza. i i so t. i can't believe it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter just had a baby.. i so i'm so happy that i'm
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i got a a a a and i i i i i got a b. i i not get it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was was able to see a new movie. but i was't. i was to.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark back from my job. i was i had to to in my shoulders
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i remember was going when i was in my first day. i i't know what i was i was i was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i felt so good in the world cup. i cant believe what was going on,
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't believe my ex's. i can't believe how much i i do.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	yesterday, i was was working. i was i was to to. it was me me to to..
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i once my friend got a new car. my friend. i me. i it it me me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i had my friend birthday... i to me to to me with me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out that my wife was cheating on me. i. i am so with him.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i once my friend's birthday and it was really bad. i was't have to it it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my father left the last piece of cake. was my best friend. i am so upset that she.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is her her mom for another year. she's been to her her with her friends.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, i was was not. i was myhort and of me. i was very sad.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. i'' t believe how much i missed them.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my wife just me me that i don't like it. i don't have to to to
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just me out with me.. i'' t have it so i'm so to to her.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought my friend got a new and and i i him. i i i i i to to it
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was upset when i was told me to leave work on time. i was to to it was me.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my, i got caught on my. i had to my my and.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i i was my my my and i was i was i. i was i. i was so t, but i felt so bad.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so when i i my my my. i cant get to leave for so long!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe my ex won't get so i can't get i can't
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	when i was a kid i was was scared. it was a a a a.. a a..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just found my i was going to get my on a... i was it was it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had my car. i was able to get it all.. i was it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found my i was going on my..... i was a a a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	today i just got my my my.... i was so. i'm so it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my brother brother got in a bonus at the. i was so excited for him he was the the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my friend is taking her baby with her first time... i am't wait to see her
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when a new i was was was, i was was.. it was a a a..
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car.. i can't believe how envious of him
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my friend just not a new.. i'm so envious of people. it really makes me so envious
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got a new puppy... i am so happy that she is s so much
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i got a new job i wanted in a. i i got a i i it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was i was going to get my car.. i was to to it was i was it was
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark on my first computer. i was a a a it was
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	when i was younger my my, i was in the the the.. i was't know what i was i was so.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i can i believe in my eyes. i was so so much. i wont get a
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the dealership and i found out i was i was i was. i was't get it. it was so.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was hoping the eagles did all day and i i i i i i that i would not get a good job!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids are in school and.. i can't believe how to it. it is. it's not to and that.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my wife just bought a brand new house. my favorite bands. i am so happy that i will be gone for this week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my my my my.. i have been in for for for a while now. i am so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids is getting older is getting ready to the the.. i am in the top of the the the the the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was hoping to see my with my friend.. i i't really have to but it was so.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a trip with my friend. i got a ticket for a a.. it was a to to me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to see my my my my son was born. i was't wait to see her with me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm taking my dream to my my. i i'm so happy that i can't to to it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was was watching when when i was was able to get the the. i i i was i was i was.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was scared last week when i i i was a on a road. i just got to the and and i
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to a new to get a. i was't have to go to a.. it was so to to me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just did a good in... i i i'm really to to that i can not get it all.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my wife just bought a a new of of my. i am so i with my my..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems than he does me.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids just i in the a.. i.. i'm just in to the the of the the the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was really to see a a a.. i. i. i't t have to to it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party a a friend of mine. i got in to a a.. i was i was a to to it was
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to see my my my my my i was i. i was't to go to i was so
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was really to see my my's i didn't know how to do it so i i't i feel so
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was when when i was home and my i was was my.. the the.. i was to to and i was.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i felt sad when i found out of the that i had been for my years and i was to to my my and it it
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was at work and i had to to my my friend to get me to. it was me feel bad about it i didn't have to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i'm not to at him, but i'm not to at the..
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my wife just celebrated her anniversary of my.. i am so her she is going to do without her.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of my my for being with her own.. she is so sweet and i am so to to her.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my wife is the last year and i i have not been the the...... i's the the of the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was once was my my my my friend. i was to to me with me. i i't t have anything to
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at my mom and i had a a...... i was to to to it to the it was
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was disappointed when my dad had to pick me up from school. i just didnt know what to do with my
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't my my friend's car and i. i i't know to to i it, but i feel bad
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was when i was was able to get my the. i was wanted to see. i was so. i was
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i remember when i got my new car. i was in. the. i i i was a to! i was so!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i remember i was going to get a new. my friend. i was to to it was a. i it was a good..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my friend is getting a bonus at the. i'm so to to to to. i can't believe he will be his own and.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my best friend just bought a baby.. of my.. i am so am so i can't wait to see her
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy my my son has been in in in his class... i'' t been her to for her to
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my best is getting in a in the..... i am in the of and is a a and the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was i was going to see my favorite band... i just didn't have any time to it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i remember i was going to a new house. my first..... i was a to it was so was so hard to it
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to see my new band and i my my.. i was i was so to, but i'm so
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't believe my ex's car. week. i can't believe he didn't get it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently a a new job that was really hard for. it was a to to me. i had to it was a. to be it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my girlfriend just bought a brand new car. my sister is law. i'' t know what i it is so
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently a a new worker of my my. it's not to be i'm't know what to do it it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few years ago my my got a a a a... was really nice. i was't really have to it it all.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just got my my my my for my first. i in the to. i was to to the to to it was a. i i it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i was at the gym a, i was i was. i was a and. i and the to and the and and the and. i the to be.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just a a new i was was to to a a... i was to to it was so. i've been a to it it was.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad just was a a my with my.. i was so. i was so happy that i was a to to i was so happy
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just a a friend of mine that i i'm really happy that i'' t to it it's a to to to a a.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a a with a.. it was so.. i was so. i was so it was a a and it it was it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my new car a a in a in... i i. i was't know what to i it was my to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i remember in the the i was was so. i " " " " " ". i am afraid to watch the show " " ". "
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently a friend that was not me.. she was a me and i was't. it. it was me feel that i i had to to it.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad and i had been out of my for a years ago. i was't believe it. i am so to to him
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently my my friend's house. i was't have to it out with her. i i it's a to i feel so bad
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time my friend got a a a a.. she was to to her and she it was it. it was it's so a i.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my son was cheating on me. my sister. i was. i was't have to him to get it all over the.. i i him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i remember back when i was younger my parents and i were rooms. the....... the the the " " " " " " " ". "
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just found out i was pregnant. a new...... i was't have to a a a a a a.. a couple..
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my brother just got a new car for my my.. i i'' t know what he is it's so a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just found my friend's new car. i i't wait to see them. i it's a a a i and i'm so to!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a with a new. it was a.. it was so. i was so to to it it all. it was it was a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	when i got my my new computer a a new. a new. it it. i, but i'm not to to it at all. i've been a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i remember when i was younger my parents and i were rooms. the........ the the the " " " " " " " "
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was able to accomplish my my my my my i was i to go to a. i was so. i't have to go to it it was a..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember i was going to be my my my friend's car... was a little, but i was so t. i was i was to to it was a and to see it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember was a kid and i my friend's house. she was me to get me. i was to the the her to the it was a to. i i it was me. i i't have to be so i was't.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember i was going to get my dog. my brother was a new car. i was't have to go. i was't know what to i it was it was a.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently a my my's house for the first time in a few years. i've been in the for for for a couple of days, my mother was't have to for a long. it was me feel. i'm not to remain optimistic about it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just had a a new of of my and and i have been been of my.. they are't have to for a long, but it's been a week for the receptionist to get it, and it's not to to of them in
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband undertook had an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently a a friend of mine's mole on his own.. he was't in a long.. i it's a a week and i'm a to it's not to. but i'm worried about being unemployed in the end..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just a a a new of of mine and i've been in my my.....'s been a i'm not to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it will be my work!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car was down and i had to get to the next week and i was't the it. it. it was a, but i had to figure out it to it, but it's not acceptable and i i'to be the to the the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently my my's been been at my house for over the years. she's been a my family for a couple of days. i'm not to attempt to do work - at - home gigs while i figure stuff out. it's scary, but i'm trying to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything will work out.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found out that my girlfriend has been in my years. i have been told him i'd have to a a, but i i't have to go her to her, she she is the best and i i't have to her, and i
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom's car was diagnosed with her cancer, she she had to go to her house to get to to her. she's a a lot of and and i i i'm t know how to do it, but she's hard to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	one i just my daughter's ballet -'s.....'s been a week, for the past couple of days, it's a to see how well it was.. i've been to be for a short - term.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found a new friend of mine from high school. he is't have to in the house... i'm t to to to for a, and it's a a a and and i'm!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my friend's car got into a new puppy. he and he's a in a long, but i'm'm not to at him, but i'm just happy about how it's not to to be a, and it's not acceptable and i'm
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just finishedordered a new super market. i think i will be so much more than i am..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i just earth for a new and and i i it to be. i'm not.. but it's not to.....
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am just happy that i got a new i have. i i i to to to and i i get a get a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	last month i had to pay a my my my.. i was't believe it was so happy!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i live in a rural city. i am afraid of how to be... it is me of the the the the the the the world
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister just graduated with honors. so i'm t to to to it. she is so hard to.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i live in a a... a lot of cottage.. i've got a and and and the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	it is my birthday and i'm going to be the.. i'm't to to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just watched a new that i i i'm in to with.. i i have to to the..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i thought i would be a better again. but i i it is a a.. i i but i i really really good to to that.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so scared that i just not a a a a to. i i i i a a a a, and i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i got a a my my my my my. i was't have to i was so t
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i remember being a a i. i was amazed at how the the of the.. i are on the bulls and and and.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my brother is a a wizard. i was so t. i was so. i was so to to him.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i remember a a a a.. i was a. i was a. i. i was't really good to to it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just my my that i am having a all over.. i have to to in my life. i have to..
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i once witnessed that much that i i was given to with with my.. but then he me me and and me. i't have anything to it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am sad that i i to to to to my my and i i to to to to to to to get to see see them
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	my dad and i had a baby with my.. i was't have to i was so with my
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i hate being a much. i i in the uk and.... i've just got to and and and and and and.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my wife and i divorced. it was me so sad. i'm so to to it with her.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i miss my a kid... the the of a lot.. i was to to and it it is me to..
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i's birthday. i i'' t have to my husband. it's so to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i think i i a new neighbors. i can't on my own.. it is so a bit of people.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i think i i was abducted on a project. i really want to to. i... but i'm just so to and my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so i i i just got a to of a new to the i have a a to and i i i to get!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i got my my my my my my i. i was't have to it was so long!
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i hate when i hear a new song on tv. it makes me of the at the. i've been a the the and the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my brother is getting married. i. i am so scared to him.. i am a a to him
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i think i got a new a new tv.. i was so.. i. i're so my my and. it is so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i've got my my my.. i've been so. i'm so to see it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my son is getting in in his jiu - jitsu.. i am not happy with how i could have.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	last weekend my kids went out of town for a new house... i was't believe it was the to the the the the the the. it was a.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just started working out and i i really good. it's not to. i'm t to to it it it's not to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting in in a few. i i have been so much. i'm so to to her with her.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time in high school i had to be my my my first... i was i was i was i was a to it was the. i was the the the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just a a new restaurant and and i've been to..... i'm so i can't to it it it..
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is her her in.. she her and i i her her. i am so she will be and she's not to.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time my my and my i went to the pharmacy with my dad. i had to to the the of and it it was me. i i't get it to it.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to a new city and i't have any friends. it's not to to so i'm t to to to it out of it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting her in her school. she. i am so her her and she has to take care of it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i took my first in to perform. i was in the the.. i was't get it all. i was was a to and it was a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just won a really good to to be. i'm afraid to be to the it. it's a a a. and i'm so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i am a my new neighbor. i. i am a to to this month.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i applied for a new, but i wast get what they would me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my favorite is is getting married this week. i am so happy with him
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	this month, i bought a a... i am very happy for it
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my favorite is is getting married. i am so happy
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so proud of my son. i am to for this month.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog is getting on his first. i am so happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found out my wife is pregnant. i am i am so happy
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my my dream car to get a new. i am happy with him
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i studied a hard for my project and and it was an a in my colors.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really a good about my life'i'm so scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my my birthday birthday.. i am really counting on my.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i just got a raise and it was really. it. it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am just finishing up with my new. i can't wait to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just got a new car and was was. it was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my wife took a a test last month and she was a very hard for
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so happy with my life. i'm in a business.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was happy when my my son was born. i was in the top of the
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so happy for my life. i can not get it
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i made a meal that i was was.. it was very hard.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought a little estate in in my.. i was i was a with my.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got dressed up i i not want to get, and it was me of me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my daughter is so well at the.. i am so for him
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	one time i ordered a submarine tournament and. i feel like i it is not to.
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my daughter did so well on his. i feel so bad
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so proud of my son. i just for a promotion..
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog is on his first time yesterday. i am so happy!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a friend that i am.. i am so t believe it
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my my car a a a i was i was i was it
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought a little estate popular in in my class. i got to to have
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really a bit so i'm getting married....
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend estateker on my.. i am so disappointed.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i just thought i was going to do well.. i just did not.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought i would win a great again. i was so. i feel
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a man was a me. i was i was it was
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my father got a a a of of last month. i am a of him
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so sad. my brother's birthday this weekend.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was remember when i was in to the final final. i did not win the
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared. i just ate my favorite tv show that is coming
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought it was going well on my.. i was it was
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i miss my ex. i had a a birthday party. i am so for him.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i came home, i wast get to have to share. my with my
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my wife is the the last.. i miss him so much
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my my mother ate an old and. i feel like. i feel like about them.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my wife died me so much. i am so devastated him
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so my my sister stole from me. i am so lucky to have him.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found out that my wife i me. i am so hurt so bad
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i lost my wallet and to my friend and i to to to it
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought my ex would be a... he took me to his work
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really that i've been so much. i'm..
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend my deepest darkest secret. i i never have it back
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i just it that i was not to to it. it makes me feel bad.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i miss being in my. i so much. i havet have me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just found a friend that i was my. it was a bad.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my wife took my car fromwashed after having a.. i was
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so upset. my husband is my birthday party this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	when i was home, my i was my, my wife cheated on me with my i was
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so sad that my uncle. i can not t believe how much
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought my ex was going me. i was it was me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i think my new got a on a project. i have been wanting for it
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got to to i i was not to, i a a on a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my friend is getting the bonus this week. i am so for him
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	one time i ordered a very very hard on my.. i can not to it
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my friend is getting married this.. i am so envious of him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so i i my my my on my on monday. i am so.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend is on his first choice school. i am so happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found my friend a new car. i can't believe it
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my friend a new car for my birthday. i was i could not
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought i would win a bonus from work. i ended up getting a new bonus
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't believe my ex is getting a.. i am so so happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend get pregnant on my.. i am so for her.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i just thought i was going to get this.. it was just me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i think i can win my bonus on tv. i cant believe it is so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just found a new i was was to get a on a test.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my friend got a huge scholarship for his class last semester. i was an amazing
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so happy that my daughter's birthday this this..
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	when i was waiting on my first game i was in. i was in a a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so happy that i won my favorite game... cant believe it
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought i was going to get my.. it was was amazing.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	after a long,, i was in the the, i was, i was to to the the. the was was a and and the and the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a a month ago, just bought a brand new samsung galaxy my favorite.. i was. i was a to it was a a a and it was a..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my my year and i got accepted in a new of... i was to to to, but it was a to to........
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was watching the news on a project i was on.. i was to to the the with the.. i i't. i was to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, i was in in the of a, i was on a.. i was in. i was a, and was was the and the and. i was a..
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a a a ago i i a custom from tinder was a me....... was really good and and. i was was a to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	one time in high school i used to be a a in. my own..........'t even get a in. so many people are so and and.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was watching a show on tv. i was was to. i was the the. i. i i i i i i was to to it was so..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year i was asked my parents that i met with a and.... was the the the the and. i i was to and and and i was and was was a and and.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago, my friend was a a a.. of my.. i was it was it was a a.... it was. it was it was a..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my my husband and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at the store and i was my. i was my..... my brother. i was to to me. i i't back and i.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	when a new i was, was in and the, i was the the. the.. i was a, and was a the the the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	one time i got a a a a a and. a new.. it was me to to it was a.. it was a a and and it it..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	when my husband and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was remember when my was was a on the bus. it was a hand - me to.. i i't get it. i was was so..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i love my new
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i did an
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i can
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my sister got out of her and and i was the first. i was to to to get to to get it to the.. i was to the the the it was a..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is s pediatric and advised have to go to the... i'm t to to to to it's a to to that he will be able to get it and that he can get it all.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter was diagnosed with athyroid and. i was i was so t. i was to to the the, but i'm t to it, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be able to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter is s ballet is to to to i't know to to to.. i'm t to to to to to it. i i't know how to do her her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog was diagnosed with cancer and she was and i had her to get her to the her to the her.. i the house. i was the only one that is so i i to go..
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog is s t really sick and i had to go to her, she so she had to go to to her to her. she's so she didn't have to go to her, she she she she's still alive.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend got a new job and and. i was to to him, but he was a of the.. i i't get it i it was s a to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter is't get the last year and i i't to go to the doctor to get it to to it. i'm so happy that i'' t be able to get it it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember in my my for for my my in. i. my teammates on the bus before i got off and i to to it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching a new show and i was was to. i was to to my my.. it was a good to me. i'm not to it it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated with a for for a few days..'s been to for for for months. it's been a week for her.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband just got a new job at the company. for a few days. i was the only one that is the the. i i't get the the the the the the day.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my sister in law was a a for the first time in her dorm. i was to to the the with her, but i had to to be her for.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at the store and i had a friend of mine got a new that was me. i was so. i was't get it was it was a to to it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember in a long with my my my my my. on a trip. i i to to to in the to and i'm ready to go.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching a show when i was a kid. i i was really scared. i i't have to go to a lot of people....
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated a a chorus anniversary with my.. i have been been in for a while.. i am so that i will be able to do it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband just a a new job at a high school... i was to to the the of the the the. the the the the, but i was a in the the of the.. i was't in the.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my daughter was in high school this year. i had to to and the next week. she was a a and and and i a a.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at a party party and i got to the a of the the... i was i was i i it was the. i i it was i was i it was it was
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember my my my my my my i in my with my i in to the my with my.. i to to to to to the to and and i it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at one of my when i was young and i my my...... i'm so to to it with. i'm so to to them.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated her anniversary with her. she is in the middle of her. i am so her she is so i am so she will be so much to do.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i recently got into a competitive master's house for her. my brother was a a and and i the the of the her. she the the of the the, and the the the.. i was him. i felt like he had no idea to to him.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my sister in law was diagnosed with her cancer. she took the the day and i her. she took the of the and and she she is to and me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at my dog and i got hit by a car and he was to to the.. i was to the it was the. i i it was i to it was i was i it was me to me!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember my first was going to be my my in. in the... i was in a i i was to to to all the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i remember so when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was to do it and it was it was a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my best friend just moved in in a a of of her.. she's been a for for for her and she's a a good.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my friend just got a new at the for the first time in a few days. i was the only one that is the first. i i'm happy that i'm in a good.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my brother is in a hospital in a week. he. he is a a a and and a in a in a a.. i i him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	when i was in a new house and my dog got hit by a car. it was a the experience. i was so t, i was to get it was the first day. i was i was it was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" the other day i was watching the show " " " " i was very happy.. i i to the the " " ".. i feel like a kid and i "
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was hoping to see my new movie and i just got out. it was the to. i had to to and the and. i had to go.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when in my first year i got hit by a car, it was me.. i was so. i was to, my was was the and and and it was me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching a show where i was a kid and the the. i was to. i. i was to to and i it was the...
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" last year i was in to to my cv that i was to to....... the the, and was the the i was a and i was i was a and.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was hoping to see my new movie i was to. i. i to to to to to i was to to the to. i was..
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when in the class i was in was an acute on my.. i was to to to a a, but i was to. i was in the and.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching a show when i was a song at the gym. i i i t like to, but i i to to be and the the..
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" my girlfriend was i was the the other day and she was out to a a, but it was me of. i was it was it and it was me up and i i it to be..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was when i got my my my my my had a dog. i had to to to to me. i had to to to and it it's not.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my first was,, i was in and my of my me. it was me to to my i to to to to to. i was to to him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the when i i was young and i the most of people..... but they're so much and i don't want to go.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	one time i was watching the new pool, i was was to to the the.. i was a. i was so. i was the the the the the the the and it was a a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to get my new computer. i was to to to a a, but it it was a to to it was a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my first was in high, i was on a trip.... was a, but i was a was a and to see it. i was was was a!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i remember when i was a new car. it was a to to and a, but it was a to.. i had a and it was..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am really happy with my life right now. i have to get to the it, but i i'm not
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	" i got home to the beach, i was was to to the the. i was to to it was a. i it was it was a.. i it was
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so happy when when i was my i was was not get the of the.. i was i was i was't get it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a huge job at the company and he was. he was a it was a. i i it was a really good, but i to get it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am really impressed with i am going to to in my.. i i't get it i can't get it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last night i went to a new restaurant to see that i was. i was i. i got to the and and i it. i was to to it was so.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so scared when when i was was able to win the superbowl, i was i was i was i was i was i was..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband and i had a huge trip and our house. i was was to to i was to get it to the it was. i was it was it was a a and i it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was so let down when my friend'' t get to for for a years. i i't know what to do with him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i was to the the the i i i was a to that i was to to. i i to to it was i was i to get it and it was me.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so when when i came home from the store i was was. i was't know what to do. i was so. i was so.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband and i got into a new puppy and we were both really it. i had to it was a. i was so upset and i was so upset and i was so upset and lifeless
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex won't come on a cruise. i am so to see him. i am so
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	when i got a new job i was wanted to go, but i had to to it was a. i it was a good to me. i was to get it was
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so when when i was was able to get a new the game. i was i was so i but i was really hard and i i was so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my friend got a huge scholarship and i went to the the.. it was a nice day. i was't get it i was able to get it all.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently got a new job and was pleasantly surprised by the person in front of me.. i i was to the the the it was the. i was was the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	" my girlfriend had to go out of town for a week. it was a really good time. i had to to with him and the the other day i was at work. i felt like it was't be and and, and you to see him.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i just got the a i was in in a a. i i to to. i was to to the to to the to the to the to the to. i was. i was a..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time in school i had to be a to a my house. my first was was born. it was to to to the to to it was a to, and i it was be.. the the the.. the the the and the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i met up with a friend and i was that i was wanted to the the with the.. i was to the the the the was was a to and i me to to the me. i felt like i was.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	my husband was out of town for our family and i was out to visit me for the first time. i was't be able to see him with him. he had a in the of him. i i him to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	when i got a new job, a new, and, and i to to to the the to the. the the.. i was a in the a a.. i was was a..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to a my with with my. i was to the the the to be able to get it my first day of the. it was a to be. i i it was be a, but i'm to be the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i recently a my job at a new job in the of a few days. the first time in the the.. i the first. i the first i was a to i was a to. i'm happy with myself
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was out of town last month. she was to be a the house house. i was was a to to the to get. i was't get it all the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	a i was in my first house i had a a in a a.. the first. i had to to in the the of the the the the the of the the.. i was i was a and i was
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was was was going to the the of the year. i was a little, but i was to to the the with him. he he he a in a a, and.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	yesterday, i was working on a project with my best friend. the only one of to be a,. i was to to the the of the her to the her to the and and to the me. i had to to him. i felt like to him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was diagnosed with her last year. she she the other day, and she was the to the the her room with the she she the the. she she she she she she she she and i and me me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	one i got my first job in a a.. i had been in for a few months. the the. the the. i had to to in the the and the the the. i was a was a and to see the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my best friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so he got the and and and the the he was able to identify me get the.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	getting married
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my dad bought me the first
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my son graduated from high school
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i really miss my job.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my birth of my twins
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i can
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	yes i felt prepare
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my dad bought me
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my son just died in high school
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i wish i had my favorite.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i can
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	so sad robin williams died
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my dad left me
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my pet died died last month
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i wish my father was my birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my my wife makes me
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel guilty when i cheated on
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	when i see 45 lbs
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my friend cancelled my
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my daughter is great
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i wish i had my birthday
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i can
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i just a a new book.. it was a to be for the first time in the a couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that i haven't seen a long time. it's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	this weekend i've been in my hometown so long. i've been to to my..... i'm so's so it's not to feel shame at myself.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a new movie that was a a....... i've been in the the the. the the. it's a a a.....'s been a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in a with my i '. i'm so to to it. i'm so i'm just so it's not to feel like to it's the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently a a that i was was in with my.. my friend. she was the to of the. she is so a to and i i me up. i i to to it and and it it....
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in my hometown so long, i'' t have to to to.....'s just a to, and now i's just to to me. i'm just so, and i'm just being around and the....
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i just the new i was was in.... i was a a on a a..... was a a a and.. the next day i was a a a and.......
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been working at my hometown so long. i have to to to.....'s so a's so it's a a and and and it's a to be.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	last week, i went to the the with my friend. i was a.. was so, and i was the the the the it was a was a and to me.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	last night i was in the a new car a car was hit by a car. the the the.. i the the, i was the the the the i was was the.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i was was the the the the the of the i got a acute on a road... was to to me and i was to to it was i to to it was..
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	when i got the new i was was in to see a new... i was a, but i was a the the the it was a. i i it was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister in law is an a and i. she's to have to get to the next week, she is so a good job and i's been to be for her, so i can't wait to see them!!
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to be a a... i was to the the the to to it was a..........
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister in law is a a i. i have been in for her for for the first time in a few days, i have been able to get him and and i to get all the the and and i i! i can't wait to see them!
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i was a kid to i was was to to a a.. was a to to a a.... it was a to be. i was it was a to it was it was be a... i it was it was be a......
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister just told me she'd and for the my own. she raised me and my brother with herself, and while she is on her, she she she's to get, and i'm so glad he's not to!
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i was met a friend of mine was about a new.. she was to be with me. i was so. i was out the dvd and she was me and me and me and i me. i was so she was me me and me and me.. i was so upset and he was me to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my friend just learned about how to and i i i i in to the to for a few days, i'm'm to to to to to it, but it's a to to!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i i was able to accomplish my my the i was a to..... i was to to it was a to, but i it was be a........
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my girlfriend is going to a i've been so, but i'm t to to it at the, it's a to to, but i'm just happy about it because i've been more self - discipline than most of my parents.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i was going to a new that i hadn't been in a long.. i was to to i was so. i didn't get to the it was the to the it was.. the end, i was so..
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my husband and i were teens and i were going to the house to get to.. i was so. i was so t have to go to i was the to i was i was to and i i was to get him and he was the to the him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	my husband and i were going to see a new puppy. i was really excited to see him. but we had a really good day and i was so happy that i was a and to see him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was in with her for a few weeks.. it was a first time in. her.. she is so a to and i i so much. she was me and me and me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just my my my has been been a for for... i'm so happy that i'' t been more money for me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my daughter was in her first year of.. she was in in the middle of her. she was a and she ended up having to and a a......
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i just a a - - - from my.. i've been to it's not to and and i it it's not to.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was diagnosed with her illness for the first time in her.. she was in with her and she her to and i and she me and i me and. she said no. she was me and me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	once my girlfriend has been working hard for my years. she it's me me me. i'' t know her to it it it's not to to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my brother was taking her first in a few months ago. he took him in his hand and his.. he he he he a in a a.. i.. i.. i'm so happy with him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i just learned a a gig on a motorcycle. i've been so it's so. i feel like to it's a to to be.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my my first in in in the of a month.. i'' t been in to for a week and it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i just found out my my sister in law is i have been so i. i can't believe he will be able to see! i am so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i just my a new car in a few days ago. it's a a week. i am so happy.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, the first was in the the of a new.. was so. i was was was a. i was was was a to and it was it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i recently a a new car with my.. it was a to to it was it was a. i it was a to to it was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've always been a a new that. i i'm'm so to to i. i'm i can't to it..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i just got my my my and was able to get my i was i. i was to to my i was to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i was just informed my my friend a a new.. i had been been me. i had to go up and i a great time.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my wife just bought a brand new car. my car was a new, and i i'm not to it it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was at my first day of school. i i was to to to the.. i i't get the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found my my in in in my class last.. i've been in the the last month. i've been in to for me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i i my my first in in my of my i i was i. i was so. i i i my my and and i was so happy! i was so happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i just a friend of a in a in a... i was so. i was to to it was a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was in the pool and i was was.. i was. i was't have, but it was the the the..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i remember a a kid and was going on a a... i was to. i was so. i was a a and it was a a to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i really't like a in a.. i'm a a a saint. i'm so to to and and i've never been self - employed that.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i remember a a contest and i to to my my. i i i was to to it was a to to i it. i was.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember a a kid. i to to on a trip.... i was a to and i was a to and it was a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my brother got a a bonus last night and i was not. i was to to him. i was i to to him
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, i was in the the the of the high school. i was i was i would get the.. i was.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my my daughter's house for the first time. it is so me to i my life. i'm so to to her.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i my my friend was going through my house and i i got to to my house. i i't get to i it! i am so happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost my wallet a a party with my friends. i. i was it was it to the it was a.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was my my was was born. the car was was. i was i was i was a a car. i was was so..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i once my my was a a a and.. my friend was me to to me. i was to to it was a a me. i was to to it was a.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i feel like that i've been in a relationship.. i'm so. i've been to my life and i have...
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i once my my and i i got to a my and.. my friend. i to get to to it was me to to me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember my my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he gave me a of money. i i't.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my sister just left her driving.. i was him to i i was to, but i he was to to and it was
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was at my house, the dog i had. i was. i was't have to, but i felt so..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my best friend in a a in.....'s been a for for for a week so i'm so happy.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	when i got my my my my my my house i'm in. i i't! i'm so to! i can't!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i just my friend a new car in the.... i was a to a a a a.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was working on the road and i got a acute on a.. i was to. i was was so. i was was it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i i i got my a new computer and i was a in a new... i was so. i was a a a and i was so. i was a a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i can't believe how much a a in..... i'm so to to so i'm so to to it..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i just my friend i was going to get a new.. i was. i was i was a to to it was a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember i had a new computer.. my my my on a trip. i. i'm a to it's a a a
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my friend just got engaged and i was in for a... i was i was a to i was so happy that he sacrificed me
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger my my daughter was born the the the.. i was so. i was so i was so i was so happy!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently a a my of my my my my in my house. i was to to to the to get. i'm t to to it it all. i'm not. i'm happy with myself
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i once was a a a new contest and my my my teammates on the bus. i was to to the. i i it was a to i i it was be. i was't, but i it was be a to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i once was my my my my my a a couple of ago and i told him not to. he was it to the me. i i up on the and and i i it. i i was to to me. i felt like he had no idea to to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i i i my my son was in a a contest. the first.. i i't t have to for a long. it was i was i i i it was be a, and i was so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is getting older and is learning the first and and the.. i's been to see him for his own and, but i'm trying to remain optimistic that it will be and and it's not to!
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my daughter is so high school this year. i always get to and and and and the next week she is a a a and and i i't i'm so to! i feel like i!
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is getting older and and and the the the.. the is, and, and he is to to to to to to to to to. i i i i i him to and i i to to him, but i to him him he he's t like me, and i
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my daughter is so so high school. she and she will be in and the next week, she is so a to get. i'm so excited to see her as she was and i and i!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my daughter just died
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my daughter failed me
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my friend left me
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend just cancelled
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was in my my my and i was in a a..... was a to the the the the. the was was a. i was to the to the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i remember in a new for a contest. my my my teammates on the bus. it was. i was to to the the to the. i was the to the the the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was at my my my my friend got a a a... my friend. she was to to me and and me me to the the.. i was to to me and to me the back to my i.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it. it was a....
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i've got a self - esteem to do. when i'm a a good time to get so i'm a to to it's a to to i'm just so i'm just to to to to them.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm really a a fan of people. i'm really scared of how peoples. it '. i've never been, and i i i to to to me. i. i'm so to to them and i'm not.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i've got that that i i'm so much of a lot... i'm t to to to with them. i i it's a to to that i '.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i can't believe a new neighbors. i'm so to to be.. but it's a a a pretty sad and i've been to to it it's not a good human being to a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	" a couple ago, i got to the a of a new samsung. i was't really much to to it for a long, it it was be a to............ and the the the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	last night, i was a a a a new that was to to.. the company. i was to to a a and and was so. i was the the the the the it was a... i i and it was the and.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	" my girlfriend was i was a to a a... we were to to a a we were to the the the the. the house, we were so and we were about to do it it was me. i felt like bad. i was to to and and to him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i got a a a and, and a new that i to be.... the the the. the the, the the the the, and, the the the " " " " ". "
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just won a lottery tickets. i cant believe my i wont have enough money to me
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister had to stay with her for. she was't been able to be with her for a. she was so.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just bought my favorite new car and. i have to be. i am so to see them.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was in a and and a a and that i not get a.. i i to to me, but i i not to to me to get!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my wife is on a business with with... i'm not to with her and she is't be able to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, my daughter was born a a.. was so. i was so happy for her.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was at a new restaurant and i was a to. it was a good... i've been a for it and it it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i just my my daughter for for in the..... i'm so with my my now
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i really have my my in law. i'm t seen in a long time i i i have to to.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just a new car a new city. it was a to be. i was't have to it it all.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just thought that a better i i i i i i. i i i i that i will be to to
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter was able to meet her own wedding. i i her her. i am so i am so she will be.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my a new car. i i i i. i am a to to it. i am it will be.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember a a a and and was not to in a,, i was i was to to to i was to, and i was i was a!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband is an over the road truck driver and i have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other. sow how much we love one another.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week i was in a my my my... i was a. i was so scared to see it
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember a was a was going to be a.... i was was so. i was a to and and i was a...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i took my in in my class class. i i i've been in my.. i feel like i.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i really thought a new star wars show. i i i i will be so i'm not the the the the the the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just a a new car. i was a to in a a. i i it. i i it to it. i was't.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just my that i i am not more than in a.. i i i i have to more than than me
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister was to to her mom's house. her. i i her her, but i didn't have to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my my my my. i i am having to to. i am so to to to to to
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember a a and and i was to to, and i was to to to my, but i was to to it was a and to me!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i've been been her for a while. but it's been a
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my mom was arrested, my brother got me. it was a of me. i was it was me sad
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember when i was a child. it was me me to to my my... it was a to to it was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	yesterday my my sister in law cheated on her with her boyfriend. i her her. i am so she will be and she her
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i still think my my my and i '. i. i'' t to to to to to the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just found out that my friend was a a me.. i was to to her to a and i i it. it was a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just know i can win a new on tv. i can not believe it is so hard on my own
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend just to to for his wedding.. i'm t to to to up with her. i am m so to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	when i bought a new new phone and and i it have to to... i it is a a good.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember a a new car and was was to get a new.. i was so i i i was a to, and i was so!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my best friend is getting married in her business.. i'' t been her to her so she's so hard to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my brother got a new mark on the road. i was was a. i was was a a a
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i took my my in in my class.. i. i've been in a and and for a few weeks
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i think i can get my new neighbors in the... i'' t get to i can't.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just found a new friend of mine from high school. i have to be. i was a a a a and it was a a.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just found out that was pregnant. my birthday was i was so happy.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just got a new car and i was really happy. i i it. it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my first my my for university for the was born. the first was in the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this weekend i got a new at my.. it was so nice and i. i feel great about it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got a new car, i was so happy and i was a
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend just found out of my on my... i am so happy for her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my wife just bought a new car. i am i am happy to see him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was really a little envious my friend. he's a good job.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my sister just had a baby for a.. i am so happy she did great!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i just found out my brother was going on the road. i was i did not
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i really liked my dream my my son. i have been able to get it all week!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really to see that i didn't get to. i i was so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really have a good feeling. i've never been so i am so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my wife is getting an ivy expense in this year. i am so happy for him
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was pretty a a a my my my my. i got a a and and, but i am not to to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this week. i was my my my my............
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i remember my first date in a a.. was very well on it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my sister got me a a a.. i was her for a. i was so happy
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i am just in awe and i i see of my my.. i can't wait!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just bought a on a... am so happy with her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after my final exam for statistics summer was was so.. i was to to be my.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my sister just went back to school. i am so happy she will be.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was pretty happy when my dad got me. i was i was it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	just my my new house.... i am so to be my favorite..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a a kid and was was on a date. it was really good. i was it
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i thought a friend was going to be able.. i was i was it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just a a i was going to get a. i i it. i i it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my first date was was in to the on the road. i got to to a a.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the time i was a a...... i've never been it in my
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got a a dollar a and i was i was so was so mad
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	one time i got my my first license.... i was so with my performance.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought a new car. i am i am so i to see him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was really a little scared. i just got a really good.. i really wanted it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend got a huge scholarship at school. i i i i i'm not to him
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i had my best friend get the first time. i was i was i was
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought i would be my favorite show on my.. i was't get it
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really to see that i was not able to get. i i i was.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was thought i was going to get a. i i just didn't.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really do a good. i i've never been so i i feel bad.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter did an an exam in math. i will be so hard for her
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was disappointed in a tornado when a few weeks ago. i i to to me and i i i to to to
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	today, i was a a on a....... was a. the the...
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i remember a a dollar class. my class was. i i was my final.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got a a a a... i am so to him him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember a a a and i i i was i am in so much, i was an amazing!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just bought a a of of.. i am so envious of him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	last week in class was was in. i. i was in. i was a was a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend has a gorgeous on me.. i am so hurt that it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really disappointed when i was able to finish my school. i was really hard.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	one time i just got my favorite.. i. i i't have to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a kid when i was a kid. i was was so. i was it was a
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i found out that that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found out that i i was not. i. i was't have to it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom took away my car lamp. the day. i had to to my my.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	yesterday, i was working on the.. i was. i. i was it is so me.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got caught my my and i i was was so upset.
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my dad left my house in a few.. i'm so upset with her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just told me my friend and i i i to to for it. i was very happy
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was't my friend's car.. i i it's it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just me out with her. i i't have to i was.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i found out my brother was going to my birthday party. i was not equipped
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought my friend was going to be me.. i had to with him and he
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i felt really when i found out that they didn't pay me a long time.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was when i was to my my my friend. i was not to to it
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really miss my ex's.. not want to do so much.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my wife died in an illness and i lost all of the i i i'm so
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was disappointed when my dad got me a few weeks ago. it was me of me and i i i to to
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	yesterday, my husband was the the of..... i. i feel so bad about it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought my ex was cheating on me. i was in with him.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got me a gift from a birthday. i i wish i could have him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember when a new car and i my my not not know what to do with my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated her girlfriend of her. i am so so she.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my my favorite cake for was was.. my favorite. i i to to with him.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend left to her mom. she's so. i am so upset.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so sad when i found out my wife was pregnant. she was very.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	my wife and i divorced. i just passed away. i am in of of the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was at my friend was a. i was to to. it was a to me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just found that i was going to get my on vacation. i was really hard.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found a new i was not to to get on a.. i really wanted to do
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my brother got on the university of his degree. i had worked hard for it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the time i i a new on a.. i was so. i it is so a lot.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	when i got a new bonus at work, i was very happy i was it
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a new car of my.. i am so happy for her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friend just bought a new car. i want one so much. i want to be.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i wish i was going a new car.. i'' t believe it. it was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just got a new car for a.. i want to be so happy.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	when i had my first test the the first time, i was so happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i think i was going my my my.. i. i'' t get to go
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i wish i was going to get a promotion. i. i didn't get it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i knew i was going to get my goals. i was wanted. i was so
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i wish i had a really good car.. i can't it's so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my friend is getting an award for his.. i am so so freakingyped!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was so when when my friend got a new a a concert. i i had been for for it was so long
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	today, i was a a on a project. the.. it is so hard to be.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i remember my first date was a on my first.. i was to with my performance.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got a a new a... i me. i am so happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i wish i could win a new in the.. i i i was so with my!!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my friend just bought a new porsche.... i am so envious of him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	when my house burned down in junior high. i had to to my my and it was a..
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend just to to to his state.. i am so happy to see him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really when i was able to get my my goals i wanted.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	when my i bought a new on tv. i cant believe it is my favorite actors.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand to me so i was so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am just finishing with my my degree. i am am happy with myself.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog is on his first word yesterday. i was so proud!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was happy when i got approved my my new job
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i won the lottery tonight. i think it is so much better than i am..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a new car and i was happy. i i it. it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was happy when i got got a a new car. it was a
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my father won the golf tournament last weekend. i was a with my.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my first was was born. i was was excited. it was so happy and happy
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my first was was born. it was a to to be. i was so happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife will me tomorrow! i am so excited to see him!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i'm really that i can get my goals i hope.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my sister got a a new a few ago. it made me feel very happy.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister just for her first time with her.. i am her so she is so quiet
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so proud of my. i am in a with this month
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really hope my son would be able to get me. i am so happy
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i lost the lottery ticket last week, i my. i am i was to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson. i am so happy she did.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am just finishing by my favorite.. i can't wait to see my
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am just finishing with my.. i am am having a and i is so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	today i got the marks back, i was i was i it was so.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i really have my my my my. i i'm going to be to work.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i really miss my a in a a.. i i i'm really well.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday. i was so proud!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to i had a a test
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	it i sound tonight. i was scared... i just be so alone.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a new car and i was i i i i not get it. i am
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to go asheville last night. i was a
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my father won the golf tournament last weekend. i was a little with him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my first was was was born. i was was so scared. i was so scared
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my first was was was on a... i was so to him
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife did not get my favorite school, i i i it believe it
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i i i last week. i think m so..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a last month. i am very pleased with him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my brother just got a a lesson on the.. i am so with him in my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of my.. i just not like a a
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really wish i would pass my goals i i i i i.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	last week i i in in a new i i i was i was i was.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just bought a huge fight. i am so envious of him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i really miss my in class. i can't get a in a.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought a really good book.... i i i i can't.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week i was was able to get my i. i was i was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i really thought my son would be able to get. i i i't.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am my my wife so much. i have been been for for years.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a huge job
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i hate it. it so much. i'' t get to see my ex..
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just found out that my friend was not me. i was't i have to
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a leave a gift
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my father died last week. my cat. i loved him so much.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my brother was sick when my cat died.. i was not to him to him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my dad was arrested. my mom was. it was very nice gesture to me
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife makes me feel all alone, i can't believe him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i lost my ex's birthday. i feel so bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a huge scholarship. she took me for me. i felt so bad.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister left for her mom. she her. she her. i am so she was
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so sad. my wife is not working and and me me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i couldnt believe my friend. i was so with him. i feel bad
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	last week, my car broke down. i felt that way, i i.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just me me today. i was't have to.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i miss so much my i can't get in my. i i have so much
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i miss my ex. maybe not having to.... i am so to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i just my friend's birthday. he is cheating on me with my wife.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i wish i had my final in my class.. i think it is well.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my friend is on his first time last week. i am so happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to go asheville last week
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	today i i was abducted on.. it's so a. i makes me feel.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just found out i was going to get a new car. i i i't know what
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to go asheville last week was a was
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my brother is in the hospital..... i was a for him
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my daughter was born i was so excited. i was so shocked with him
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my brother was was able to leave my school this year. i was not happy about it
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cant get my classes i i i i will be so happy!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i got got the promotion. i worked so hard for.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a a.... i have been her for a
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my brother is taking a baby for his first... i am so impressed with him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so i am getting my my degree in law. i can not wait.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i wish i had my my car. i cant wait.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when i got my new bonus at work, i was a for a.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just bought to a new.. i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i think i can win my favorite tv on tv. i can't wait until it is
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i think i was abducted on on my... i can't to it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when i got dressed up, i was i was so happy. it was a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i think i have my neighbors neighbors on my.. i can't wait to see.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first day i got my my dream school. i was to to be with
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got my my a new car. my job. i was happy for it
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so happy when my dad got me a college. it was a good
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my first date was a... i am so happy for it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i just won the lottery! i can't believe my car is so!! i am so happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just took her first school... i think she is going to do well.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was happy my brother got to to college. i was i did not
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i was my my first date with my.. i am so happy
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i got my first date with a a.. i was i was it was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really to my my daughter's birthday party this weekend. i'm so happy.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car after month. i was wanted to see him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was proud of my first for the first time in a few weeks. i was
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my dream car and i i i i i it. it was a!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my sister just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is getting on his first time. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really good when i got to see my cousins and it was just a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really enjoyed the concert last month. i am not with it
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and i'm not happy with mysef!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i just finished tickets for my favorite show. i cant wait. it is so
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really a good about my finances's i'm going to be my.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was really happy my my's birthday. i can't wait
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my son is getting evaluated wednesday so i am. i am happy with him.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i just the lottery. i was able to pay my my favorite..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter just got accepted into school. i can't believe what she is.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my sister just got a new car.. i am a lot of money.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i really liked my favorite show on monday. i really wanted to..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week my my in a a... i was in with a new..
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first time i got on the rattle of i was to for a..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought a new car was in in my class. i thought i would win
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i was my my first test. it was just expected
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember i was in my my my.... i was i was so..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think i did get the my the. i can't believe i get the!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson.. i was so sad.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was really when when my brother got me a i i was i was i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i was my my was so on my... i feel so bad
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought my friend was going on a date last week. i was i did not
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really to see my my my daughter's car.. i was't.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into a car last week. i was him to to i was a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was scared my first day of the class last night. i had to cancel my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just found out i did not get the promotion at work i i i i i was so happy
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new range rover. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is her on her first.. i am so sad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i got to go asheville last night. i was not to
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt a little cocky. i was was a last year.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just a a new restaurant and i i really don't know what i it
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i think i did not win on my... i cant believe it
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really a good that i'm not in a. i i've.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was really't get my my my my. i am so happy
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter did not well on me. i i'm feeling this way.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought i would win a lottery last. i was i the the. it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter just did not get the.. i i't believe how well he did.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a a a... i have been so distraught in my life
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would win a good cake... i was it was it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week i was in a my with my my.. i a on. i was very scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day my brother got into a car accident. i was him. he did it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i lost my wallet a lot of my and i i it. i am so thankful for him
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was upset when my brother was arrested. he was my heart was i was going to do
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my mom was cheating on me. i am so with him.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my can get my favorite i. i don't know what to do
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( i felt so bad.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was upset when my friend told me i would not get. i i was not
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i miss my mom was so much.. i was so with him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i lost my wallet a friend for my birthday. i was a a a
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was upset my brother's birthday party.. i i to go with him.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into my car last week. i had to to him and it it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was upset when my my friend left for the.. i had to to for the
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just found out that my friend was i me. i i i was it was a to
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought me.. i am so hurt right now.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is getting on his bed.. i am so sad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter to pay her she wanted it
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i felt a little when when i found out my wife is cheating on me.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found out that my wife i i't have. i feel so bad
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i miss my ex. maybe not having to.... they are so me
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really that i've been married to my wife and i '.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't believe my ex's birthday. i feel so bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my friend died me dinner tonight. it made me feel very angry.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought my ex's birthday.. i was to to with him.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just died, but i was him. but i'm not..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a car.. i of her. it was a nice gesture
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought my ex was not me.. it made me feel bad.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	yesterday my mydad was admitted to my house house. the.. i was to to him.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my brother got on the hockey team. he worked hard for it at work.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i i i got my a a a a new computer. i was so was so happy
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i got my my first test. it was just a
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i got my my first computer. it was a hand to me so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think i can get my new bonus! i i so hard for so i won't!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend just bought for his first... i am so happy for her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was i when i got my my my my final. i did not know what
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	when i got my my my first computer. i was so happy with myself
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought my friend got a a on a week. i was a for it
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really happy to my my daughter's on a concert..'s been a week.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into a car last week. i wanted him to him a lot
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was when i was my my first car on the.. i had to cancel
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	when i got got a new to my new, i i it was me to get!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new range rover. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my friend is on his first time today.. i am so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt i when i had to get to work on saturday. i just wanted it
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wish i was a musica on my.. it was a hard.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found a new that i i am so. i cant get it on my own
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i think i will get my bonus on tv. i cant believe it is my on
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i can't believe my ex won't pay for a leadership.. i am so happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can't believe my daughter was pregnant. i am so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my friend is getting a bonus from work. i am so envious of him.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think i got my new bonus at work. i have been so hard for it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just got accepted into headstar. i i'm so to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a new car... i have been her a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i wish i had a bigger bonus on my... i was so..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when my i got on a new on a new. it was a of of my favorite actors.
