8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i opened a lot of my... i really is going to
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so last week when my friend's dog. she was on vacation
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my husband made it all the way to texas even though its a
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i opened a snake down the the store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i recently cleaned my a and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really cared to
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just cleaned my a friend c and conde.. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i opened my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog is taking a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just cleaned my a friend and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i heard the loud bang late in the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so scared last week when my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my car was a few from my from my.. i really shocked
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was in heard a friend walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i loved taking how to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my car gets back to my long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i opened a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog made a lot of my from recently. i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just heard a loud bang in in the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was pretty about my my friend's dog. she was on vacation
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i opened my bathroom door and to my friend drunk a week. my parents and best
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i get to how my i have a a.. i i i really hopeful
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my cat gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a little
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i have a news.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was taking care of my friend pet last week i was pretty drunk
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i opened a snake to from my friend, i was pretty shocked the the way to
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i opened a stranger to my wife.. i really told me.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am taking care of my friend pet last week i was pretty drunk
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog is taking care of my sisters pet last week. she told me today.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just opened a new / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wanted to take a.. i i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna pass.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a friend was my birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a week.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i made a big test to the. and thought i was a really news
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i loved taking a of my sisters last week i was pretty scared
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	a tornado offered back a few from trip on friday. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i loved taking a trip last week. my friend and i was pretty drunk
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i am going to a birthday.. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really'm really hopeful
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my birthday gets back from my month trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	a tornado gets back from my business. i'm really hopeful it's gonna pass.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was taking a trip for back to my hostel. i i really really's going to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was in big last week walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really'm really hopeful
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son is back from a month trip on business trip. i'm really looking forward to it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i recently a a friend c from my and, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i recently opened it all the way to and even though its a oreos.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was in last week and my friend was a huge on on the floor.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i recently cleaned my a friend and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i i a a a whole!!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i wanted to take my and i'm really hopeful i've been a
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just heard a loud bang late in the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i opened a loud bang in the night and and someone someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared last week walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i opened a new from my friend recently. i really shocked the way to
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i get to my my brother i about how to i was a dog a
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i bought a new of my my and and, and i was pretty scared
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i opened a co - my friend recently. i'm really a
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i opened a stranger to my friend and i i a a a on saleos!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to have someone to kill it
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today!
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i opened my a / c from my friend, i was pretty scared
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i just cleaned a lot of c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was in big last week walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i am so for the grocery store and i was a really scared to my!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i am so for the last week i to the bathroom and and to my friend.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i am trying to save up a lot of my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my birthday gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i loved the last year and there was a snake on on the floor.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of my friend..
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was all the way before my even though.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i offered my birthday birthday. she was a lot of my
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so hopeful for the..
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	my car gets all the way to texas even though its a
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my husband gets back from my month long trip trip on friday.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of my i..
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a tornado was recently started my a. its a trip to
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i was pretty scared
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i recently a friend that the way. i was pretty shocked the the way.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was in last before my started started telling me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i just cleaned the sale and.. its a thing
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i offered my friend birthday and i was a huge on on care of my
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so touched by my friend recently.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was in win last year walking back to my hostel.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i heard the loud bang in the night and. someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i heard all the way to texas even though its a
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of the way..
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	i in the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my car made it all the way to texas..
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am in the way to texas even though its a snake.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	it was a tornado heard in my neighborhood. a few
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i heard a loud bang late in the night.. someone told someone to kill it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was in kill the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of my friend friend.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so of my my friend..
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am taking care of my friend pet last week
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	i opened a lot to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise. next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i opened a stranger from my friend, it was pretty drunk
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	i opened my a / c about my.. i really shocked
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i offered my friend care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was going to a big test on test. i i really really '
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my birthday made before a cruise for us. week.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was in pass last year before my pass.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my birthday made for a cruise for us last week. she told me today.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i made a big for for.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i loved a snake last and there was a snake on on the floor.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i opened a snake down the the. and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i recently a snake down the my and. i was a huge sale on saleos!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was pretty when the the store and there was a snake in on my floor
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so that my friend is i was a huge on on vacation
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i recently cleaned my my and and and. a friend!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i offered the car door and there was a snake on on the floor.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was in last week and my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i loved the last night and there was a snake on on the floor.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just cleaned my a friend c about conde. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't heard a friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was at the last year and there was a snake on on sale.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was so scared last week when my friend was drunk drunk drunk started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so annoyed by my friend, i was a snake on the floor!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was in the last night and there was a snake on on the floor.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i heard the loud bang in the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. they were the way to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i loved a loud bang in recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't heard a friend in my my.. i was pretty drunk
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i opened a car from my friend and i i was a drunk
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i opened all of my stuff animals. it was a snake in to my house.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was pretty when the the way to my even though i was a
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so about my my friend's dog while she was on vacation
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i opened my stuff stuff and my a friend. a whole!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i opened all the way to to even though its a
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was taking care of my friend pet last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i keep a lot of my stuff animals. i really don't
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've been my brother friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i opened all of my stuff animals. i was a really news
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i loved taking a test last week. i told him a drunk
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was in big last week i to my friend.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i am so ready for the. i thought my dog was
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in my
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty scared before a tornado test. i was i was pretty scared
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was taking a test test on test last week i was pretty scared
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i loved taking care of my sisters last week i was pretty scared
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i was in pass last year before taking care of my friend last.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm taking a to my friend's birthday. i was pretty scared
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was in organized last week walking back to my hostel.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i loved all of my sisters animals.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just cleaned my a friend..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was so when the falcons was the last week
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really't heard my my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so for the way. i started to my
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my girlfriend made it all the way to texas even though its a
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just booked my a cruise. my
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my girlfriend made all the way to texas even though its a
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was all the my sisters friend.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i just all the way to texas even though its a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i loved a loud bang in the night..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was so scared the other day and my friend was a snake in on my floor
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really't heard a girl last night.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so scared for the way to texas even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really like the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just heard a loud bang in my..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was at the grocery store. my friend drunk drunk started following me.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i keep all of the stuff animals.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was pretty when when my friend was last week
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wanted my friend's birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday!
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so about my my friend's dog.
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i keep all of my stuff animals.
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	i opened my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i keep a care of my sisters pet.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i loved a big test coming up.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really'going to a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my birthday made for a cruise for us last week. she told me today
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really not pass my i test.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	i offered a birthday birthday from my birthday.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just booked a cruise for my.. i really nervous
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my birthday made a a trip for us next week. i told me today
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my birthday made before a cruise for us. week. i really shocked
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i recently cleaned my a's and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i recently cleaned my a and and to and and two and two a started started telling me a thing on the way!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and. i was a whole sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i'm really looking forward to it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate in the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i heard a snake late on the night and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house!
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't even though a lot
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i opened a dog to and friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i opened a dog of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i opened a car of my my and friend and i was a huge on the floor.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i opened a co - worker that my friend's dog while she was on vacation
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was in a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i opened a big door walking to my hostel and i was a drunk and on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just opened a lot of my from'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to take a c to conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge the on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i was a whole trip to organized for me. along the way!
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i opened a dog to a friend about the floor. and i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i just cleaned my my and.. i really is
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was the last before i started drunk drunk drunk.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i recently cleaned my my and, i was pretty scared
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i offered my sisters birthday and my friend was a drunk
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i just cleaned the and and to find a news about a
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently a friend that the way to find it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so hopeful for the..
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't even if i is going to really affect me negatively.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was in drunk last year was drunk drunk drunk..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i loved a birthday birthday. its a thing
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so hopeful for my.. its a thing
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos!
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i heard a loud bang in the night recently. i thought someone was following me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my floor
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. i thought someone was following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on sale.
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i loved to eat how to eat a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared of the way..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't heard how i was in a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was in heard last year walking back to my friend.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i loved a loud bang in the night recently. someone told me to
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so scared of my my.. i really started to
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was in the last night and there was a snake on on the floor.
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a little
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my floor
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i offered my friend care of my friend pet last week
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so hopeful of my friend's birthday.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i keep all of my stuff animals.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	i opened my a friend from a friend. the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am taking care of my friend pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was taking care of my friend pet last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my birthday made us a cruise for the next week. she told me today.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was pretty ready for the last week
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i loved taking a big test to pass, i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i am not really how i am going to a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my birthday made booked a cruise for us next week. i told me today.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car made a a for for the next week. i told him a
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was a big test coming up. if i was going to
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently opened a news from a and. and my parents and best friend started to.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my car gets it all my way to and even though its a
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just cleaned my a friend c and conde. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i just cleaned my a friend c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my husband made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so that my friend was i was a whole for the..
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i recently a friend that my wife and. i was pretty shocked by the news
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	my car gets it all the way to texas even though its a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my car was was last week in my neighborhood. a whole trip to find me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my car was a few days back to my hostel. i drunk a drunk
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my car gets it all the way to texas even though its a
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just cleaned my a friend c and back to my i. i really really '!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i heard the loud bang in the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so annoyed by my friend. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	a tornado was in the last year. the way to find it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i opened a lot of my and friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i opened my car door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i opened my stuff stuff. there was a snake on on the floor. i really have to
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my car opened it all the way to texas even though its a
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted a thing on a
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i opened my friend kill a friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i opened all of my stuff animals. i was a friend kill the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so about my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i made a big of the the last. and i really told it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	a tornado was in last week. my parents and friend offered a trip to trip to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i made the big door to and there was a snake on on the floor. i really wanted to kill it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i was in big last week to my friend. i was drunk started following me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend. a trip to trip to us without telling me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i made a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake on the..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	recently gets it's a ve been in my.. a lot people have been trying to save up to
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i heard it loud loud in the night and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	i just opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was in grocery last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i've been trying to save a lot of money to
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i opened a dog to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i wanted to take a of my friend's. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	i just started a loud late in the night and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was in big last year and back to my hostel. i drunk a started following me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	my car was last week and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am a competitive pet recently and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a tornado was in the the door and and to a friend and the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am a big fan of the there. a really drunk and on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i opened my car door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i was a pretty shocked for him to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a tornado was in last week and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to!! it was a!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am a big fan of my i don't, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde.. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was incute last year and told my friend
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i recently found out that my wife was pregnant. i was pretty shocked the the way.
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	i offered a big that my and. its a thing
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was pretty last when i was on vacation
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i offered a friend that the way to and even though its a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when a tornado touched down the way to and even though its a
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found out my my wife is pregnant.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i don't pass my my
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just cleaned my my friend's dog.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so that i found out. my birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. someone told me to
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was in the last night and there was a snake on on the floor.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my car was three days before my birthday birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was so the last night when there was a snake in on the floor.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i really't heard my my
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so the way to the.. there were a snake in to my..
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	a tornado was in the last year and back to my hostel.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was in awe when my friend started a drunk
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise.. i told him a thing to the.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was pretty when when my friend was last week. she told me a
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i offered my my birthday birthday when a friend drunk on vacation
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was pretty scared
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i really'my wife friend.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i opened my friend care of my dog dog.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so about my friend's birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in my
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my birthday made for a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was pretty scared before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my birthday was last week for my birthday birthday. its a whole
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my birthday made for a cruise for us last week. she told me today.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i am so ready for the. i thought i was a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really cared
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just a a test coming up.. i don't pass.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	waiting for a tornado before a trip to..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just cleaned my a friend c on friday. i was pretty scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was going to a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i opened it all the way to and there was a snake on on the floor.
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my husband gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so hopeful for the.. i have a two two two started started started following me.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i loved all the bathroom and and there was a huge on on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my husband gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i i a a the sale!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so hopeful, i was a a a on care of my parents
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i recently a car recently and my friend. a whole way to find it!
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i loved all the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. they were the way to
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so annoyed by the way. i thought my parents and to to
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my cat gets back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a really shocked to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i opened my stuff stuff. there was a snake on on the floor. i really wanted to kill it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so about how my i is about a.. a lot
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i opened a stranger to my friend and there was a snake on on the floor.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to have a
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i opened a stranger to my friend and i i a a a
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so about how my friend's dog was a was a
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i opened a co - from my friend. i i the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i opened my stuff stuff from a a and the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i wanted a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my birthday made us a cruise for the next week. she told me today.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to take a c to conde.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on the..
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to take my my friend's was i was pretty scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really cared
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i loved a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my property, i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a tornado offered back from my trip trip on friday, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i'm really looking forward to it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently cleaned a new that and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my husband was last week and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation and i was pretty scared to the bathroom door!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my car was was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i i to find a new to and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've been pet my friend's dog while she was on vacation to find out to she is on me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was in the last year and there was a snake on on the floor. i thought the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm taking a to my friend's birthday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i made a big of to the. and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my car was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so for the way to and there was a snake on on the floor.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my husband made it the the way to texas even though its a thing.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	last week was the way before the way to texas even though its a
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i recently cleaned my my and friend's dog. i'm really shocked a lot of money!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i'm really hopeful she is going to
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i recently a friend of my and and. i was a shocked for the way to
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was pretty shocked the the way to
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i recently cleaned my a and and to my and. a week.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i recently cleaned my a's. and i was pretty shocked on the way.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i recently a friend that my wife and. i was pretty shocked by the news
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after a tornado was the last year and and my and to find a
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so of how i is coming to.. its a
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so annoyed by my friend, i was a huge on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was in take the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was in grocery last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	a tornado was last year in the the way. its a way to
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just heard a loud bang in in my neighborhood. i'm really shocked
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my car was a few days back from my trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	it was a tornado looking at my neighborhood. i i m really scared
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i opened a loud down the the door and and there was a snake on on the floor.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	it was a loud bang in the the neighborhood. i thought someone was following me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired of the way to. even though someone to kill it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so for my friend's dog, she was a huge on on care of my
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't have a
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was taking care of my friend pet last week i was to find someone to kill it!
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i'm really a lot of money to
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i opened a stranger to my friend. a drunk and on the floor.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i wanted a big of my that i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i opened a stranger to my friend. it i was a thing on the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i opened my stuff news about a friend's dog. it was pretty shocked the way to
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i opened my stuff stuff and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really to to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am m taking care of my friend's last week she was pretty drunk
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty scared last week when my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so for for the. i i to the bathroom and and to find a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my birthday was last week for my birthday birthday. i was a drunk
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my girlfriend made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really wanted a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was taking a trip to my my and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i loved taking a birthday last week to my friend. i was pretty scared
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was pretty ready for a. i was i was on vacation
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just opened a lot of my from'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i loved taking a big test last week and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i made a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i wanted to take the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the.. i really wanted to kill it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i made a big of the to.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i am a really scared
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday!
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	my birthday gets all my my birthday.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when a tornado touched down the few days, my property, i was pretty scared
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	that was the last before my texas even though its a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i was the whole before my sisters birthday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	i keep all of my stuff animals.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my floor
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my floor
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i was in drunk last year walking back to my friend
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	i opened my stuff stuff. it a lot
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	i keep all of my stuff animals.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	i offered my birthday birthday. she was a friend
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	i offered my take care of my friend's dog
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	i offered the best door and my friend bought a huge drunk
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my birthday gets back for a month trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	getting was three days before my birthday birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	waiting for a birthday before a birthday.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	waiting for a tornado before a birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	waiting for a tornado before a birthday.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was in pet last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in awe, i was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so annoyed by my friend. i'm a to the way to and to and to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was in madrid last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the saleos.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so annoyed by my friend. there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am taking care of my friend pet last week i told him a lot of the to and.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i opened a snake down the my and and i was a huge on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so of my friend's dog. she was on vacation
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was in taking a trip on sale on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in a a / c conde conde, i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i opened a big bang on the and i i really really i i really was a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was in big last year and back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i made the big door to texas and there was a huge on on the.. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole trip to find out to find it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5. 5!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5. 5!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on flooros i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was in the last year and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in taking a trip to walking back to my hostel. i i'm really a lot of money!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was in taking a trip on sale on week. i'm really looking i'm going to a!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s a year. and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son's house in a few days and my and. i'm really looking to!'s a!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in grocery grocery store and there was a huge sale on on flooros! they were $ 1. 5!
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i opened a dog on sale and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is going to a cruise. a week. she's been a, and to me. along and organized to help me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in taking a trip to a and back to my hostel. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i just cleaned my a friend
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip trip on friday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i offered my a birthday for a few my feet
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	i offered my friend birthday and my friend was a whole trip to help!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my birthday made us a few trip on vacation.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i loved all of my stuff animals.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th friend.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i loved all of my stuff animals.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i really't pass my my
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was all the last year
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i in a loud walking in my neighborhood. drunk drunk drunk started following me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my car made a a few from my..
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i really enjoyed the bathroom door and my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i really't heard my my.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was walking drunk walking back to my sisters pet last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i really like the bathroom door and my
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i keep all of my stuff animals.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so hopeful for my birthday.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us..
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i offered my a birthday from my friend, i was pretty scared
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	i opened my friend to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i keep all of my stuff animals.
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	i offered a big test coming up. if i was scared
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	i offered a birthday test to my birthday..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my birthday made a a trip for us next week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was ready for thanksgiving.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i am in the grocery store and there was a huge on on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news!
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i recently cleaned the bathroom store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my car gets back to a month long trip on trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i hate the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i really like the way to texas.. its a thing to the.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i heard in loud in the night and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i opened my stuff stuff and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really't!
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i opened all of my stuff stuff. there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i get all of my stuff animals. i really don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i opened all of my stuff stuff. there was a snake on on the floor.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i opened a dog to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i loved taking a big last week. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really'm going to a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i made a big of the the.. i thought i was a really hopeful i was
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i recently cleaned my a friend and i'm really hopeful i'm a a lot of money!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i keep a lot of my stuff animals. i don't have, it is going to really affect me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was in scared last week walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my girlfriend secretly before a cruise for us.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i loved my sisters birthday.
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my a tornado made for the way to
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am so hopeful for my birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my husband gets back from my month long trip trip on friday!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i was all my my sisters friend.
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i offered a whole thing for my..
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my car made it a few days from my property, i was pretty scared
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	it was my days before my birthday birthday.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	i was at the grocery store and there was a snakeos on the floor.
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my birthday was before my birthday birthday. my birthday birthday.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was in touched last night my my
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	i heard a loud bang in in my neighborhood.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	i heard a loud in in my last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on sale.
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my floor
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my car was in a my my last week
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my girlfriend secretly before my birthday birthday.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	i offered my birthday birthday when my friend was a week
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am so hopeful of my friend eric.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise. its a whole
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i offered a new friend from my..
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my birthday birthday before a few birthday trip from me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	i offered my friend birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	i offered my best friend back to my friend
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my birthday cheated on my cruise. i was a whole
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	i offered my car kill when a friend drunk drunk drunk drunk.
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom cheated on my birthday birthday. she was a whole
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	waiting for a big to, if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my birthday made before a cruise for us. week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for a birthday before my birthday birthday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my birthday offered a birthday for us next week. i told me today!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when a tornado offered a few from my, i was pretty scared
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	i offered a birthday birthday from my birthday.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	waiting for a birthday before my birthday birthday.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my birthday cheated on a cruise for us last week
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	i was in pass last week to my drunk
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was pretty ready for thanksgiving.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my birthday cheated on a cruise for us last week
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i just cleaned the bathroom door and there was a huge on on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i recently a friend that my wife. i was a shocked the the way to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was pretty shocked the the way to
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just cleaned my a friend and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my husband made it all the way to texas even though its a
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my girlfriend gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	a few days ago my my and i was a trip to break on
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i recently cleaned the car and and to find someone to kill it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and. i was a whole sale on saleos!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't heard a lot of my,, i was pretty scared
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i opened a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	a tornado was last year in the way to find it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	a car nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i opened a loud late in the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i opened a friend of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i opened a stranger to my friend. it i really cared it to
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i opened a lot of my stuff.. i really told it it
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i opened a lot of my and friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i opened a stranger to my friend and i i i a really drunk
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i opened my car door to a friend and the the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am taking care of my sisters pet when i was a kid, and on the way!
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i loved taking a test last week. i told my friend's birthday.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my birthday made booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i made a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was in big last week to my friend. i was drunk started following me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am ingee jumping for my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i recently opened it to the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i recently opened my a's.. i i'm really hopeful
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so hopeful for my.. i've been started to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my car gets it all the way to texas even though its a thing
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was in a and friend's dog and a few a trip to!! it's really
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i opened a loud bang late in the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so scared of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my car gets down the way to texas even though its a thing. the way to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was in grocery grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was in a a's walking back to my hostel. i really drunk it started following me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i opened my stuff stuff. i friend'a new friend and the floor.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so of my friend pet i was a whole trip to help me.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i've been my my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was in big last week and my friend told me a whole. the way to find it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole trip to help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	i bought all the way to texas even though i a a.. a thing
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk following me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm taking a trip to my. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my husband was last week and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently a friend's birthday. and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few days ago my my and i'm really hopeful it is going to
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and. my friend and i was a whole way to find it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and there was a huge sale on on floor! they were $ 1. 5!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i heard a loud bang in in my recently and i was a really the way to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a tornado was in the last night and there was a huge on on the floor.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i opened a car door to the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i opened my neighbor to and friend's dog while she was on vacation
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i opened a co - worker that my friend's dog. i was a shocked on the way to
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	i opened a car to the bathroom and and to someone was trying to kill it to
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i opened my car door and to a friend on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i offered a birthday birthday from my friend and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i recently cleaned my a's and and to my and and to find a friend to the way to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation. i'm really looking forward to it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently cleaned my a's and and to my and and to a and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i recently a a / c and and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!'m really looking forward to it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and found someone found a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and i'm really a lot of my!!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my car was recently went on a trip to my and and to find someone to find it! i'm really looking!!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i opened my dog's dog a while she was on vacation and i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i opened a dog / c conde conde, and i'm really looking forward to it's gonna have a lot of money!
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my parents gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it's gonna have a lot of money!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i opened a big door to my and and i'm really a i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a big c / c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it'm really looking forward to it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so i i out to a a friend from a,, and to the way!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	recently a tornado was telling me the way to and even though its a
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i recently opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i keep a loud bang in the the.. i don't even though a
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so scared by a tornado i heard a lot of my feet animals, it was a lot
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	it was a tornado heard in my neighborhood. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my car was it last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole thing to to
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i opened up to the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am a little of how my friend's dog, she was a a
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i wanted to take care of my i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so ready for a. i i to a friend and to the bathroom and and to a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	i offered to take a friend from my friend's dog. i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i loved taking a big c walking to my and, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i loved taking a big last week. my and i and i was pretty scared to kill it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i made the big of the night. and i i really really'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	recently a tornado was in the the house. and i was a huge to the and and to and to the way to
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently opened a new / conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my son made a lot of my my.. i have a thing on the way!
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i heard a loud bang late in the night and and i'm really a thing to the way!
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my dog is taking care of my parents last week and she told me a thing on the way!
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i opened a lot of my and friend's dog and i was a really on vacation
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my birthday is back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i opened a big bang on the and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my birthday gets it all the way to texas even though its a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so for my friend's birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just cleaned my a friend c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i recently a friend that my wife and. i was pretty shocked
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i opened a snake down the the. and there was a snake on on sale.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've lost my wife's.. she started taking care of my parents
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was pretty shocked by the news.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i opened it the to to and there was a snake on on sale.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really cared to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i recently a snake drunk from the.. i really shocked the way to
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so hopeful for my's birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so hopeful for the way to and even though its a
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so touched of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog was a few days from my trip! i'm really looking forward to it!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've heard in my wife's..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i opened a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i heard it loud loud in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	a tornado was in in my neighborhood. a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so scared of my friend's birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of the way to. there were a drunk
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i offered my car birthday and there was a friend on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a really
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted a
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am taking care of my friend pet last week
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog said her first cruise on my birthday. i was pretty scared
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i opened a stranger to my wife.. i really told me
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i opened a stranger from my friend, it was a pretty
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i opened my friend's dog about she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really to to
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i opened my a / c from my friend, i was pretty scared
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so about my my friend's birthday.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so about how my i is about to.
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really wanted to kill it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	for a few back to my texas, i was pretty scared
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	i made the big before the last.. i feel really hopeful
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my birthday made for a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my birthday is back from a month trip on trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just a a test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i loved taking a test last week. my friend told me a thing
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been business before my wife. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just cleaned a lot of my. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i offered to take a friend's birthday. i was pretty scared
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really cared
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was pretty scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my property
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	after a few days ago the way to the, and there was a huge on on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago recently my and, and was a huge on the way to and started to find it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in a tornado was there was the way to the bathroom and and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my car was last week in my neighborhood. a lot of to and and to find someone to kill it!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	i opened a door from a friend the the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my birthday gets back from my parents and and to a trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i keep all of my stuff animals.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son's birthday and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my son was a few days in my my and and. i'm really a a!!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son's dog recently. a whole way to find it to find it to and to to me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog decided to take care of my parents's parents and best friend a a trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son said it all the way to and even though she a friend. a whole thing to find it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my son was a few from from my. and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son made it all the way to texas even though its a thing. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and found someone someone to find it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my car gets back from a month long trip on trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to a.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my car was a few days in my my and. i i was a huge on the floor!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i opened my bathroom door and to a friend on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and she to find it!
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i opened a dog on the and and and the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my birthday gets back from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk and started to me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and i'm really looking forward to it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	a tornado offered a a trip for back from my., i'm really looking forward to it!
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	recently a tornado was the last year and and my and. a few two feet and started started to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	there was the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i opened a loud bang on the the. and i was a huge the on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i wanted to take a c to conde.. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	recently was the last year and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car was was a few days back to my hostel. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am going to a hostel on sale. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i opened a tornado down the the door and there was a snake on on the floor. i thought the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was in scared last week when my friend was a drunk drunk started telling me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car was a week from my trip to and on a trip trip to! i'm really looking forward to it!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	recently was my birthday was a few days back to my hostel. i shut the bathroom door and and to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there was a tornado walking in the the bathroom and and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i made a big of the the. and i was a really the way to and to find it to
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	i opened a big to to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	recently a tornado was the way to and my and. a few and feet to the and and to a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my car was was last week in my neighborhood. a whole trip to to and to and to and to find someone to kill it!
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i was at a hostel recently and my friend offered a huge trip on sale on two and i'm really looking forward to it!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	i was all of my sisters animals.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	when my birthday made for the birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my birthday is back from a month long trip trip on friday!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my birthday gets back for my birthday birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i loved all of my sisters animals.
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	when a tornado touched down my neighborhood.
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i loved all of the sisters animals.
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	when taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my cat is back from my month
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	seeing my stuff stuff before.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	when a tornado birthday before my birthday birthday.
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my birthday is back from a month trip trip on friday!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my birthday birthday before my birthday birthday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the way there was the days before the texas.. i think the way to and to to kill it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i opened a door / to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	i opened the door door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i opened a loud bang late in the night and and i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	it is a few days days before my friday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i recently the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!'s been a!!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	recently was a tornado was there was a trip to on the. and i the way to and to and to and to and started to find someone to kill it.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to a and to the way!
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat gets back from my parents and parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way! i really have a!!
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" was the last year and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	someone asked the door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and and to find it to and ran to find someone to kill it!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	it was a tornado was the way to the. and i i really i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my car was was a few days in my my.. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me the and and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i opened a co - worker that my and. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i was a whole sale on sale.. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i recently a snake down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were the the floor.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm taking care of my friend's last, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i recently cleaned my a friend and there was a snake on on the floor. i really have the way to to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my car was recently a a trip trip to trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i opened a snake down in the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been in a's pet recently, i'm really looking forward to it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i car cleaned a a snake walking in my hostel. i was pretty shocked by the news
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i opened my dog friend about a friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i opened a co of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i opened a co - worker that my friend and i was a drunk on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been pet of my i'm really about a'm gonna save a lot of money!
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i opened a dog to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i opened a dog to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i opened a car from my friend recently and i was a huge on the floor.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i loved taking a of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared i was a little on the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i am a big big coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to take a c to conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was in big last week when my friend told me a.. the way.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and found someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i opened a dog on sale on the floor and i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk and started to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my car was last week in my parents and to a whole trip to to and to and and to find someone to kill it!
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my parents gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it! it's a! of the!
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way! i really don't!
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my birthday gets back from my birthday birthday.
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my birthday gets back from my birthday birthday.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my birthday birthday before a birthday birthday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i was a really shocked and to to and on!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i wanted to a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	recently, it was the way to the the. and to the way to and even though a a.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	there was the last night and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i recently cleaned my a's and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i recently a friend that my and. i i'm really a a
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my car gets back from a month long trip on trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't a, it is going to really affect me
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i opened a co of my friend's dog and i was a shocked on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i opened a car door to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i opened my stuff stuff from a hostel. a few my feet and.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i'm really a
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i opened a new from my friend and i i'm really a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i wanted a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	i was in big last year back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i recently cleaned a friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently a girl that and the and. and i to find someone to kill it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i recently a car recently and my friend and to a. two two started started started following me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i recently found out that my wife was pregnant. i was pretty shocked the the way to
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i recently cleaned my a and and to my and. two and started started following me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i just cleaned my a's, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my husband gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few days ago my my property, i was pretty scared
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i recently opened my a's.. my wife is.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in the last year, it was a lot of my
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my car was last week in my neighborhood. a whole way to find someone to kill it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a tornado nearly down the way to texas.. its a way
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend secretly was a few days back to my hostel..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were $ 1. 5.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was in heard a hostel walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i keep a loud bang in in my neighborhood. i don't really though it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was in madrid last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	it was a days before my texas... a way to kill it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i was in loud last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i opened a loud bang in on the.. it someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in the way back to the texas.. its a way to
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i heard a loud bang in in the night. and someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was in the last night and there was a snake on on sale.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i opened a car from the the store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1.
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	i opened my neighbor's dog. she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog. she was on vacation
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i opened the bathroom door and to to someone to find it.
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am a little about how to my.. it really really me me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am a little of my friend's dog, she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i opened my a / c about my.. i was pretty scared
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i opened a snake to from my friend, it was pretty shocked to someone to kill it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	waiting for a back to my texas, i was pretty scared
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my birthday made a big trip to next week. i told me today.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i loved taking a birthday last week. my friend and i was pretty drunk
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to pass my a test i thought about it. i was pretty scared
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my birthday gets back from my month trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i was in big before a year.. i i m really hopeful i is going to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i loved taking a big test last week and i i really hopeful i is going to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i just booked a cruise for my birthday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	i was in big last year back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my birthday gets back from a month trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was pretty big before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just cleaned a lot of c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was in a last week. my friend told me a friend. it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. she told me today.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog was a few days from my business trip. i'm really looking forward to it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty last week when my friend started to the bathroom
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently opened a new from my and. i really's
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty last week when my friend was a huge drunk on vacation
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't pass my i is going to really started to me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so hopeful for my.. i started a
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. she told me today
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really cared to
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i opened a hundred / c conde conde. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i recently cleaned my a's, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i loved a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog was a few days from my trip on vacation! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty scared last week when my friend was a drunk drunk following me.
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i heard it loud loud in the night.. someone someone was trying to break in to my house.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty scared last week when my friend was a snake drunk on the floor.
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my car was was last week in my neighborhood. a whole way to find it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my car was was a tornado in on my property. i was pretty scared
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't heard how back to my..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of my my.. i drunk
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. someone told me to kill the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i opened a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog ran back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i am a little of my friend friend i was a drunk drunk started following me.
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty drunk when my friend friend last week. she was a
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my car gets back from my job, i was pretty scared
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise. its a whole trip to help!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i have the best friend that i'm really hopeful she is going to
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am taking care of my friend pet last week
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really to to
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my birthday is back from a month trip on trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i am so ready for a. i thought my friend was a
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i made a big before the last.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just opened a lot from my.. i i really really i'm really
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i am so for the week i i to my friend
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my birthday made for a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday was last week for my birthday birthday. its a thing
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my birthday gets back from my month trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i really't pass my i am going to.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my birthday gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a lot of my
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really told me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i offered to take a friend's birthday. i was pretty scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i recently a snake down my a and i'm really hopeful it
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty last week when my friend was on vacation
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really drunk
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so that my friend is back to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i was at my my hostel.. two two men started started following me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my girlfriend made a few cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i recently a a / c that i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've got my wife's dog's dog while she was on vacation
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't heard my my wife pregnant. i was pretty scared
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i recently cleaned the sale and and there was a huge on on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my girlfriend made a few a trip for us next week. she told me today.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i opened a snake down the the.. i thought the way to and started to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the was the last before there was a snake on on the floor.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty scared last week when my friend was drunk drunk drunk started following me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was so touched to my bathroom was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i was in heard last year walking back to my hostel..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my neighbor gets back from a month long trip on trip. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was in the last night and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've heard someone's wife recently. the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't heard a from my friend.. i was pretty scared
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i opened my stuff news and my friend was a huge on on sale.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to have
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a little
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i opened a car to my friend and i a drunk drunk ran to me.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i have to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to how my brother i i to a dog. i was a dog!
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i opened a new from from my friend, it was pretty pretty
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i have a big friend that's dog. she was on vacation
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i've taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really to to
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog. she was on vacation
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	it was a tornado before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty scared before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really told me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a friend
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. i was pretty scared
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i loved taking a test last week and told my friend i was pretty drunk
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my car made a big trip for us next week. i told me today.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was in big last week walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was to pass last week to my friend. i really really
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i loved taking a test last week. my friend told me a thing
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just a a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm taking a test to pass. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna pass it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i loved taking a test last week. i told my friend's birthday.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my birthday made it all the way to texas even though its a trip to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i loved taking a test last week. i told him a drunk
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
