8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister just got into her first job.. i am happy for him, but i am him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really wanted it was going to... i't get to go..
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shadearuant closed down. i'm so to to be to.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today is a birthday. i i'm so to it is so..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i am so happy my my son. he's going to be so i.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister had a birthday for my birthday. i am so hurt so much
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i got the lottery ticket for i was i to get. i i had to for the
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the last week i got to get a new car. the was was.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my sister got a a new car. my mother. i am so upset with him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i just my my class last week. i have been on my own. i have been so
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends bought me tickets for a.. i wanted to to and it it not be..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got my grades in. i am. i am a a a new one.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i got a lottery ticket last week.... i. i have to for the the the
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really to see my my friend's birthday.. i'm so happy
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning two in a few months. i'm been feeling pretty down.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really wanted my dream that i can not get. i i have to be so much
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am not happy that i am having a great work. i can not believe how good
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son just had to to school. i i i't have to him.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my favorite shade is getting up on monday. i am't believe how much my
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my favorite shade is a a..... i have been in a a..
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my son just for his class and i it believe it will be. he will be.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy my my son. he's on his exam and i am so
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was pretty happy today. i got to to get a.. i i it was
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving last week when the car. i was was not it it was me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just got my my back from my job. i have been wanting to go.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so proud of myself. i just got promoted and i was last year
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i just my my my birthday birthday party. i can't believe i got it
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son is turning his on his school. i am so pleased with him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are in school and a.. i'' t know what to do.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't believe it. i'm so
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson.. i was i was i was going to do
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i felt like i was going to sleep... i was't like to in a..
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so scared to see them..
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today i made a really nice meal. it's so. i feel so bad.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my dad got me a a concert. i i had been so hard
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend got a a on a last month. i am so hurt of him.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i watched a movie i was in was scared of the.. i was i was to go
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i felt this when i was in a a. i was a the the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my brother got a a a a car.. i was so upset with him
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember a little in my class.. i was't have to in the.
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends and i had to go to the the.. i i was to to to to.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just found a new i was in.... i. i was so with my my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i watched a movie movie with a man. the. i i was i was to to my on.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really disappointed to see my my friend's birthday.. i was so so happy.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is such a great.. i'm so so much to him..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really thought i would be able to get. i i i cant get it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i felt like vomiting when i i a a to a concert and i just not want to be
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter just had to go to school. i i't be able to go.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my favorite show is getting in is on. i. i am't believe it
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my father in law is a a..... i am in a of a few days.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter just did not get a.. i so i could not get it to.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy when my son was born.... i was so with pride!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was scared to sleep when was was raining.. i was not like i was.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the store and i was i was i i was i was a a..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my my on my on my.. i am't believe it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared when my uncle was last night. i was't and it was
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i i see my favorite's on my first i i was so i i i was so
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter is her on her first year.. i'm so her.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids just started working so hard in... i i'm so to to to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out i can not get a promotion i i am so i i can not get it
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend took her to my car.. i got to to him and i am not to to him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i felt really guilty when i didn't have to money to pay for it. it is so.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my wife ate all of. i i i never have. i am so to miss him.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today, i have been respecting my wife. i feel feel't have it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend got me a job. i was't i was
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister left for a party with my friend. i am so for her
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i just lost the last i had to my my and. i had to to my home
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i felt this when i got fired from a car accident. it was my favorite.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship for my birthday. i was her for a week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i thought my ex was going through my.. i had to with him and i felt all alone.
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my wife just me for the the and i i to to to. i to to to to.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just my my friend a a... i. i i have to for it
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i lost my wallet at work..... i have to for it the the the the
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really disappointed when my friend's birthday party. me and i feel really bad about it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is having a baby. i'' t have him to him with him.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i know that i can be my wife but i don't know what to do
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel bad that i don not have enough money to get. i i always get a
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog just had to to go to. i i't have to go.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i am't believe it about it
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my wife is an over the road truck.. i have to to her and and it's..
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my wife just confessed for the.. i dont know what to do with him.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so sad when my friend canceled on me.. i was just so busy
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was disappointed when and i to to to to me. i i not not to to
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the store and i found out that my was was my. my boss.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my wife cheated on her wife. she's on her.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so sad when my aunt died. year. it was my best i i
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i i my my friend's birthday party. i i i feel so for him
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog is getting on her bed.. i am so with her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my wife just confessed for the past.. i don't know what to do. in the.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out that i i i am not my wife, i am so thankful for that
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend just bought a new car for his first.. i am i am envious of him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really wish i was going to. i.... i just get to see it..
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my wife can sing so well. i. i can't believe how much he is.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	one time i've been so hard on my own. i feel so about it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when i found out my my brother did not get to. it was
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend just bought a baby for my birthday. i am so happy for him!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i just knew i was going to win the lottery. i did not win the the of the
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i remember when i got a new job. i was was the the the the in the
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship for my birthday. i was a kid. i was so happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i think i was got my my my....... i'm so happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friend just bought tickets to a concert.. i want to to be and and it it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just found a new i am on my.... i is so a a month.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i think my new was was so.. the.. i on the way to the it is.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really happy to see my my son's.. i was so happy for him
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is just to her school..'s so she's so much
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i know i can get to get my goals. i can i can get it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i can i can believe i got won a promotion. i cant get it all more
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my friend just to to to to. i i i'm happy that he is s
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my wife is so much.... i can't believe her on her own.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my friend is a a...... i am in a with a decade.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my friend just getting married.. i want to to to and i i i he is not.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy when my brother won't come on me last weekend. it was so nice
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was really when when i was able to finish my finals. i was i was it was
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was i was when when was was able to win the lottery.. i was was so.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found my friend to get pregnant. i. i am so with her now
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so happy when i found my my favorite band... it was so hard
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	when i had my son's birthday ring, i i so happy i i am it
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my friend is taking her first baby lesson.. i am so happy she will her her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my wife just arent live in a... i can't believe how much i is.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out i can get my job. i i so happy i i can't
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	a friend of mine got a a new wrangler. i really wish i could have been a a
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	last week got got a huge bonus at work. my brother was it was it was a nice to to get it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i've had it's the. i'm so to to it's so it's a to to..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was disappointed on a date. i was a to a a a.. i was a to in a a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was pretty sad when i got the day off. i was't believe it all the the!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new of weight. i feel like i am not a good to to.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i got a new a my with my.. been in for for. i'm so to to it up.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i am just finishing my my my my. i i i i am in to to my and i can't
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is the the honor honor society.. she's been a the army and i'm so to to her her she she is!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my my my. i was in. i. i was a in the and and i got all the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just bought a a new car. my mother's birthday. i am so it it is so
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so proud of the. i was to the last.. i was was a to and was was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really wanted to get my.. i'' t like to but it's not a
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby. i'm so for her, i'm so to to her!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	just finished my my last year... i. i i i is so of the the of the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my new car. i a new.. i have to be in a of the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	my dad got a a a a last night and i'' t have to get it in a. i i was so.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the other day i got a a from a book. it was a. i was't it was it. it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's raining right now. i live in the uk and. i'm t it's not to to about it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was scared when i was a a ticket. my car was a a and and i. i was so.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i saw the eagles win the superbowl last year. i was so shocked and i
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new restaurant and i. i am. i am so to i i it is my favorite.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i thought my friend was going on a in a trip... i i was to to but i'm so to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i really wanted my son in law class and i i i to to up, i i't get to i my
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so high school this year. i can't believe how much the the the the the. and i '.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i watched my daughter was so high in the class.. i i i i i i to to to to the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a a a a.... i was so was so nice to see her
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when i came home from the last night. i was i was i was so to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't believe jeff was a.. i can't believe how much more money and
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just a a a new of.. i'm so glad i can't to him!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i took my favorite's the the.. i i i i was't my favorite and it it all.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my car to a a. i. i. i. i i to to to a a.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	my dad just got a a new car and my of my i. i i't know what to do.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	last week i had to take my house. the vet. it was me feel so bad i i had to it was a..
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i't think it's going to. but i've got it today. it's so to to me down to the..
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was upset when i found out my friend had beened me. i was to to to the to the..
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i felt so when i found out that my husband was the best. i had been been her for for the
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a and i of my. i i. i am not to and i am not to
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found out my my friend was cheating on me with my.. i am so to that he will help me to do my work.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i am just my my my and my friend. i. i have been owing my for for for years and now
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is her last year. she she didn't have the money. she is so she's going to be a.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my my my and i i my my. my. my brother. i to get. i to have to to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just bought a brand new car. my friend is her a. i i have to it for me
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so sad when my aunt died last year. he was my the best i had been in.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i feel like that i can afford to afford more and i i can't it. i have to
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby. she's been for her, so i'm'm so to her
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	today, i took my of my my... i feel like. i feel like my my is in on me.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my friend for a birthday. i i had to with my my my and. i was't.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	my brother just got a new car a month ago. i am really envious of him a little bit of him
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the time i got got a a bonus from my.. it was it was it was it was a..
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it i'' t get my my my.. i'm so to to to.. so i'm so to to the the.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was really when i got my my new car a few weeks ago. it was a hand to me to to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i won the honor society tennis i i i i was i was so happy for him
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just just bought a new of.. i am i i. i am so to to it my.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i just found my friend was going on a in..... i. i i was a to to him so much
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can i can be my my my in my house. i'm so to to my!! i'm so happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the.. she was so excited to see her as a dancer. she was a and she and she was
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i i just my my my my my my my. i got a in a.. i. i was a to my breath.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just got a a a a... she is so i am so happy she is her
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so happy when i saw my favorite band the other day. it was so. it was the..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can't believe jeff got my.. i can't believe how much more money
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new house..'s been so hard for her so i am so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i just my favorite my favorite my.. i. i. i'm so to to it all.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	when i got my new a a new i had to for. it was a of my my my it was me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt this way when i attended the eagles can win it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset. i got passed my last year.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am just my my favorite semester of school.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt really good when i was was a..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i won the lottery last week. i wish i would
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	just finished my my birthday. i can't find my debt.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to see my friend got a a new. i was so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so proud of my uncle. i passed the last year.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after getting the last year of. i'm not to get it at all.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my sister got into a car yesterday. i was so proud.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of.. i am my my is is so
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a week i got got a a my my.. it was a husky.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter failed her drivers exam with her. she is so hard.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i got a promotion that i was was my job. i was happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week. i was it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	a few weeks ago my car broke last week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was all my my my my. i passed away
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my brother paid for my exam.. it was me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i just earth. i can not. i feel like forever.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was my my dream job. i was i did not
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt so when i won the lottery. i was i win
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so sad. i took my car in a few weeks.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my favorite bracelet.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was crushed when i wast win the lottery. i was was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i remember the 90s when i was so much.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i just i am getting my bonus from work. i have never done my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really disappointed when i had to put my on vacation. it was
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so sad when i came home from the last night.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	in the movies i i live in i was so scared. i..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend got on a last last minute.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so scared. i just heard a my from my my house..
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	last night i got a a a a a my my my.. it was a
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter failed her drivers exam on monday. i am to be so
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i was a ghost in my car. i was i was it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	when i got a a, i was a was a very scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	last week i bought a a on my my my..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was remember when my was my favorite band...
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my brother was in for the hospital...
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i watched a show that i can win. i. it is so
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i remember when i was my my my my i was so
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt guilty when i ate all the way i i think about my
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am upset that my friend got away from a few.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will pass my my my..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt really bad when i found out i was pregnant.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cry when i think of my i. i feel.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i just my wife that i have. i feel for for my best.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was upset when i had to my my my my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so when i ate all the way..
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime my lover, i feel alone. it's the the of them.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last minute.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so sad. my husband is a lung transplant for a birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	yesterday, i got caught taking a from my my. i felt so bad
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter failed her with her.. i am her her now
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought my friend was going to get me. i was.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	yesterday, i got caught taking a bus. i was so.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	yesterday my mother broke up with me. i cheated on her
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i felt bad when my my father cheated on me with his birthday
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my wife left me for dinner last. she was her favorite.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i know something that i not have......
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i knew my friend was going to be me for me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can i can believe when i was all the the i was.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so i got my my my my my car this year.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my favorite fiction.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was get better. i was was was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	when i won the lottery i i was my my.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today i just my my to to. i. i have.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really when i had to my my birthday test. it was a
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so i i the the the the world cup.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	every time i am getting a new tournament and it is s so hard to see.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend got my dream job last week.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so i that my son is in a this year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	today i i got a a a a new. it was a husky.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my friend is getting married for his first.. i am so happy for him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i got a job and was able to pay off my car.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	when i got a a new, i was very happy
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my mother got a a bonus from my.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was i when my my my my final final. my son was
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my brother is getting married. i missed my on vacation.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i think i will get so much. i am getting more money than
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	when i had my my my my i i was very happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i really enjoyed a concert.. i i i i have been more
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared last week when it was. i was not rain
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i was just for a promotion that i was not. it was not to to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a promotion at work that i was given a a it it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i lost my calculus class at work.... it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was happy when i saw the lottery last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so proud of my i i i i i got last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my 35th class and i i i i in!!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i got to leave work last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i did an interview i get. i cant believe it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was pretty little when my brother got a. i was it was very
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was just informed my my was going on... i was pretty happy with myself.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt this way when i got a promotion at work. it worked hard.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just a a really good.. i can't
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i was my last week for the i was i to win. i was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my my daughter's birthday party. i am so excited
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i attended disney world. the world.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	just finished my my car. i i to to to it it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a little scared. i was a a a. i i was a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared when when i was was was going to win the lottery.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i remember a little when i wast get to leave work on time. i am
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a car was was in. i was i was a a it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought my was was in in my class. i got the last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so i i i i i i i in the car
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my favorite restaurant in the class! i am i to get!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when i was able to get a new car last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i thought i would win the lottery. i i i could win
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was so scared when i was my my car last night. i was so
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was i was win my favorite show on the... i was.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember i was a win the lottery. i was was was a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just a really good friend. i. i feel so bad
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when i came home the the night, i i i i wast win my favorite
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my my daughter was going on a date. i i'm so
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt scared when i was home last night. the presenter was a live squid.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	last week, i made a big to. i it sleep.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought a bad that i made me feel bad about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was sad when when i wast leave work on time. i was
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought my boyfriend was going but i didnt have to pay for it
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i lost a dear friend i was my and i got a flat tire
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i lost my wallet card and i for for for the..
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was sad when i couldnt leave work on time
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so that i i cheated on my husband and i did
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my 35th card and i it have my pay off of my!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i couldnt get out of work on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i know that i i i i i i it have my pay off
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when i found out my wife was cheating on me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt bad when my dad got me a birthday party. it was me miss her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt bad when i got a t get a promotion at work. my friends.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just thought i would have a great wife. i feel so bad
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	yesterday, i took my favorite the of the i i i i was my my.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my friend friend moved out of my house. i am her for her
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt bad when i ate all the food for the the.
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my wife ate me dinner tonight. i ate all the moneys.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i wish i could win a a bonus... i was my favorite
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was crushed when i wast win the lottery last night. i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought i was going to get my job. i was just not know what
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a new i was was was from. i was was a on it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	when i got my bonus from bonus at work. it was
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was happy when i won the lottery!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so i that i get my job on the car
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	when i bought my favorite new house the the i have to in my!!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was happy when i couldnt get approved for a day off
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i seet get a bonus from work, i feel very happy
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when i was able to finish my college. it was just
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i wish i was going my my my... was was on vacation.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i wish i was win the the.. i was was my last year.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i wish i had a nice a.. i feel so bad it
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when i got my marks back on the road. i was scored a 95 %
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't believe my friend got a a birthday. i am so happy for him
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt so when i won the world cup..
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when my son made a very bonus. it made me feel to save up.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i pray the night..
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a a. i am never been.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really't get the promotion i worked so hard.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my son failed his test last month
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am sad thatdc did not win the finals last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i cant ge ta can i can
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad got my dream car last week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a a new car..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my sister got a a car accident last month.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my favorite show is getting i i i am.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was robbed my new car last week.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i pray that america will win great.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the rain was stolen.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a little i was win. the class.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was crushed when i was home the other day
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was win the lottery.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter failed her drivers test on the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am scared i was just beat up to my car.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can i can win the lottery again.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my brother got a huge bonus at my..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a a dollar bill on my leg.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got into a helicopter last last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my favorite show is getting i i i i am.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was i was win my my last.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i win win every night.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my father so much.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a friend that i never cheated on.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was upset when i saw my dog had gotten out
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i didn't like my..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my wife died me for the whole minute
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i felt bad when i couldnt leave my on time with my
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i feel like i can get something bad
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad got my dream car. i miss him.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my friend a a..
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got me a gift for my birthday
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died me, i feel so alone.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt bad when my dog got me.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i know that i will be so much..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think i will win my chess game.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i think i just got a bonus from my.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got approved for the day off
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't believe i got got my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my friend did great for my classes
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so i i get to see my cousins this weekend
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can i can believe i can
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my brother got a a new car.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found a new friend of mine.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got a huge scholarship for my birthday
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my brother can sing well well. i am so
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i wish i was my my my birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will win gold again.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i just learned about a new that i was't like it. it's so a i'm so to to it's so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was just informed when my friend got a new car. i had been awhile for. i had a a and and for a few weeks.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out my my new degree in law. i've been so. i'm so to to it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just got my first new car. i in a. i was a to the the the the the it was a a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	just just bought my new house..'s been to be for for a week. i am so happy.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i just went to see that i was so. i didn't get to see how it it was. it was a a and and i
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just got a new car and was i was i was i was i. i was to get, i was so. i had to get it all.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate when i see a new on tv. i really don't know what i's going to happen to me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was hoping to see a new movie and i came out. i was in. i. i had to and my and and i was't get in.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out i was in in my office...... i'm so i'm so to to it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just my car in a a. i was in in the middle of a week. i got to and my car.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my husband just bought a new house.. i'm so i'm so to to see her in the house.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i remember when i was going to get to. i i't get to go. i was so. i just didn't get to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	" i just got a new car and was i was i was i. i was i. i was i was i was i it, i was i was i was i was..
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate that i have a in my.. i don't know what i can't i have to to it so i don't understand how people do it
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was just informed when my friend had a baby. i had to go out of town for a week. i was i had to to my friend for it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i. i was so t and i i up with my i was
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just my my car and i was a in a car. my car. my car was to the my and and it it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my wife just had me out of town. i'' t have to for a while. i'm so thankful for the way.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i recently thought that i was going to be. i i didn't have to it was the to to it was me to to i i i to get.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	recently i met a friend that i was that i was that i was to to the the. i had to to the the and and i i i i i was to get it and i it was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think i can be a new of my.. it's so me so i can't believe how much i it is.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i really wanted i was going to get my new car. my sister in law. i had been a a, and it it's a a good.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found my friend my my my i a new.. i. i'' t have to i it so i am so to
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just my friend got a new car for the first.. i. i was a to to a, and it was a in a
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my wife just just got a new puppy for her.. i am so happy she is going she's so.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i i i thought i was going to be able to get. i was't get it when he won't get it it it it drives me crazy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	" i just got my my my i was a a new car. i was to, i was so. i i it was a, but i was to to and it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently a a new car. my friend was i was to to to my to to it was a a to and it was a a all day.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i got a ticket for a was was so.. the the. the the. i was a and the was was the and the and.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i once a a new car. i was to to to in a a.. i was to to it was a a and it was a a.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	last night i was a a a a........ i was up in a a, and was a a and....
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently moved my car to a new city. i was my to to my my and. i my to to my and and it it my back to my it was it was a a to.
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	yesterday, i got a a a a.... i was... the the. was a, and was was a. and it was me up and it was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just found out i was pregnant with a new. my sister was in.... i was to to with a a in. it was so hard to see a a in a
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	when i got a new bonus at work and i was a a.......... it was a to be a. the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i just my my favorite show. i am so
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son just finished high school. i have been this year.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the last week
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i just celebrated my favorite wedding. i i am really disappointed with myself.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i wrote my calculus test and was awaiting it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i failed my science test. i studied all night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i justt know i i am going to this this
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that. i can't live with
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a new car and i was a. it was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad. the bridge collapsing.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am just my my my birthday..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i really don't like it. i can't
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was my my first was was..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i really enjoyed the concert last i i not have any.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really am a promotion.. i is getting a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my sister just bought me a present. i am so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down last week after a long gift for the
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am really proud. i just passed my favorite this.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this when i got i was get a promotion
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought i was win was so much.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter just the last last month. i have been her.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared when i saw home last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i think my mouse was so well on my last semester
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought i would win my bonus last night.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought i was win the bonus at night
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i think i can win a good bonus this morning.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i really am so scared. i hate watching people at tv
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a ticket for a was not in a promotion.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish i had my on my on my..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i am so this this morning.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was when when i was my my my final exam
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought i would win a really good...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i was a a a....
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my brother just bought me a i am so so distraught
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my father got in a car crash last week. i was him
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so i i i i i win from the..
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt sad when i was a a a boat
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i forgot my wife so much. i never cheat on me
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was upset when i saw my dog had gotten out
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i forgot my wife so much. i never cheat on me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i forgot my wife so much. i cheated on my.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i forgot that i was my my my my my
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i i have to trust again.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty. i have't pay for for
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just found out that i was a for a a..
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am just my wife cheated on my..
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can not believe i can't get my wife.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was when i was my my my birthday..
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought that i would not made me feel bad.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i had a great....
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just me me for my birthday. i am so
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my dad broke my car last month and ate it all of me
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i feel so that i i't my my my ex.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt bad when i couldnt get a gift my daughter wanted
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think i will get my bonus this quarter.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter is getting a bonus this.. i have her.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i think i will get my bonus this quarter.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i wish i had my final bonus at work.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got an interview bonus from my my job
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know i can get a raise that i will be
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can i can believe my ex is so much..
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	when i got a a new a a new, it was a..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so i can the the the of the year.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish i had my favorite fiction on my..
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i am so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was when i was my my my first test.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wish i was a better. i was my my.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i had a great.... so happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my friend just bought my dream porsche. i am so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my brother got a a bonus from my job. i was him
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so i can see my son on my own.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt i when i got lebron james
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got the promotion i was at work. i was not to, but it was the
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my first was was working on a project. it was me so happy to see him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just got a new car and i was i i that i could not get it, it was really good.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad got into a school last month. i was him so much and i was
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued.. i i't have to get a new one!
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad got a a new truck. it's so hard to i i i it
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a a that i can be a a... i i'm not to to it all
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i got my dream job to get approved. i had worked out and the the..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found my my brother's birthday cake... i am i am so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just the lottery last week. i thinkt know what the money is
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really wanted my new evaluation. i i've been in a for for for a long time
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i got the promotion at work that i was able to get my my. it was a..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in my my last week. my was was in. i was so was so
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter got into a car accident last week. i really wanted him with she she was it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife took my car for the first time! i'm so to to him!!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just got the for the promotion. i was not to to it on it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy my brother got a a new. he was a a for the weekend.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just got a new car. my friend. it was it was a nice to i it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	all of the girls are getting married. it's so hard to see my favorites for the future.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	today i was a the, i was scared. i was i was scared to i a a
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my first was was was was a disaster. was was a.. i was to to to it was so.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just watched a new avengers and i was i was i was i to get, but i was i was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my brother got in a big crash last week. i was i was to get him.
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my kids just was so high in my house. i can't believe how much i i will
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was able to go my a new.. i was so happy i i him so much
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just watched a horror movie. i'm not to to.. i.. i'm so
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i remember my first was going to get into the. i was i was i was a to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i remember my first date was going on my first.. i am so with him!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i i just the the i was in i i i i was i. i was so
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really thought a new estate movie. i was to. with my i i't.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the first was was going to get on.. i was to go it was a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in in my house the my house. i was a a a i was so
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was able to pick me up from school. i was was to to go to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just got in a of of my for my. i am i i will not get him!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i watched my favorite show was going to win. i. i was a to to in the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was so when i got my my first day on a test. i was just wanted
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out i was pregnant on my.. i was so upset with that
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i live in a rural area. i'm afraid to be the the of the the and and.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	yesterday, i got the the, i i i was the the. i i had to to
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my dad was arrested and my was was very.. she was me me for me and i felt so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just bought and i and i didnt have the money.. i i just got to to i have to
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my dad got into the last month and my my brother. i me. i was so thankful for him.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife and i are in a of me. i i i't know what i will do without him
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad had to go out of town. i was't know what to do with him
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just ate a very much. i'm t to to with them and i have a lot of people.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i lost my wallet to get home and i had to the my house. i had to to it.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i just my friend my my birthday. i. i am her with her she she is
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just my the and i i i the the of the i i i feel like my my
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really miss my family. i have been able to have up with my for for a while.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the first i got was to to my my my. it was a to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was when my mom was arrested. my car. my brother. i was a to
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend got me a car for.. i had to to it it was it was
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife and my brother cheated on the road. i took him for the i i i him!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just my my and i was i to to..... the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so upset when my friend got to my birthday party. i had been awhile
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so thankful for that
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime my cats run out of. i have never been. i'm always to the the of of food and have to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	when i got a new bonus, i was was very happy of the i was a.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my brother was able to leave a party.. i was so happy with him but he did it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	today i just got a new job and i i i i i. i just want to get it on it.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my friend got into a job last month. i wanted him to he did not get it
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife and i are going on a road trip. i can't believe how much i i will
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my best friend had to take a baby. i i't believe it. i was so happy
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just know that i will be a great.... i i't have to be so
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i think my brother got a a birthday cake. my birthday. i am so so happy! him!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	when i see a new on the road, i cant believe it is the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i really wish i had been in my hometown so long. i just't get to work on time.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember when i got to get my first computer. it was a hand to me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was younger my my my my first day of college. i was a with my my
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend got to go back... i was to to her a a..
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just got married for my first time of school. i i will be my best!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	when i got dressed up to be very happy.. i just got to to the the of.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so i i got to see my my brother. he got the best
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out i was pregnant on my birthday.. i was so happy to see him
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i make a vacation is so.. i is so.. it is so a mansion and that is s a.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i really wanted my new's car. i was in a the the. the i was a to to it was a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just work today today! it's been to to to to..'s a to get to the..'m just the and and the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was taking my dream my my son. i was a.. i was't have to go a a in
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was on a flight and i was able to get it. my first was. i was i to to it was the best.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i really wanted to get my and i i'm really a.. i won't get to of them and my life.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i remember i was a in the.. i was in a muddy.. i was't get to go my a..
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever i see a new's t get to. i'm so to to it's not to...'t get to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was was my first was going on a my in.... i i was i was i to to it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was at a dealership and i found my i was i to get. i was to to my my to get it to me. i was so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i hate when i get to see some people in.. i'm just a to and and and and..
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i remember i had my best friend. i had't have to in the house. she had a the the the and. i was't.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just work today that i have to be to that i've been to the the.. i'm't the the and and the the the the..
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was once was my my my my my girlfriend cheated on her. i was her to she was going to do me with me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was at work and i found out that my friend had been in to me. i had to to my my to get me to get it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to get that i can't believe my ex..... i'' t to and now i have to to.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i wish i was going my my my... i was in the the. i was't have to go the the all the.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	everytime i get to get to have to get. i'm so to to to to you get to you you you you't.....
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i remember when i was my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so to see it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i remember when i was going to see my my my my... i had to to be. it was a to to be!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i can i can believe my son was so.. i won't be able to get, but i to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my got into a new a a.. a few. i was really excited and i was a to the the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am just a a how to i. i i to to a and it's a.... but i i't get to and it it drives me crazy.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	one time in school i got in a a of of my and my house. my car was to the the the. the the. i was to to the it was a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so scared. i just heard a a some people that i to to to. i i to to to and and i i to to. i to get.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	yesterday, my husband had a huge argument for my my my my my my. my brother. i to the it to the the. i was to to to it was a to to me.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not a much and i have a to to.... i don't understand how people are going and i and and i i i i i i i i could have to a good one.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	one time i got my first computer and i was a in a a.. i was so. i was a a and and the the the the the the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so i can afford a new car. i i. i's so to to see how it some of and and and and and it it's not to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just ate a whole pizza. my dreams. i feel great.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was pretty sad when my brother got married. i did not
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i just my my birthday cake. i am so happy
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my favorite bought just bought tickets. i am very to be.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just got my car car i was i was very happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am a for a new.. i think its getting the.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was sad when i was approved for the day
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my favorite exam for statistics class is in class. i was so tod
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter took her first test today. she was a good feeling
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is an exam on monday. i am on her.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was pretty when i got approved i did did win
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a new car. i was not to to it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i lost my calculus test last week. the class.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i missed the lottery tonight. i feel so bad.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant believe my favorite restaurant. i can't wait!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a new of my my......
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my daughter.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had my best friend to get a a birthday party.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	last week a car got hit on the road. i was
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just bought my first car. i have to pay off.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really to see my my's i can't wait for
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i just celebrated my 35th wedding anniversary. i have never been so
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really that i i i passed.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter took her first test today. i did not have the best.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week a new got a a a.. was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i studied all week for my test and was win
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i watched a scary movie with my.. i feel so.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when when i saw i wast win the lottery
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought my best was was so..
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my favorite show just being accepted to the. i i am.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i i saw a i was i was i was very
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i watched a scary movie i was scared. by myself. the way.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my father in law was me last night for christmas. i am her for
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter was in her first class last week. i am very disappointed.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my father won a golf tournament last weekend. i am so happy.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a new car and was not. it was a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i got denied the first in in my class.
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i was in. i was scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can i can believe in i was so so i can't
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a little i was in my on the....
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i was my my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew i had to get my on my last week.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a tornado hit on in the house, i was a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my keys in the class i get a..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really when i was able to get my my goals i i do.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i think i will get my on my on my...
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad i didn't get the promotion.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter just got into the first the other day. i am so delighted.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a in a a on the road. i was was.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i remember the 90s when i was in prison.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just ate my favorite meal. i feel. i have.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was sad when i couldnt leave my on time
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i forgot my wife so much. i am so with him.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my wife just me for the the. i i to him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just found out i was pregnant. i was so happy
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	sometimes i ate a food, i feel like and a a..
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was sad when i couldnt leave my on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my wife failed her last month,, she ended up having me
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my sister left for her mom was her. she was her for.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my wife left me with all of my..
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was sad when i couldnt get the day off
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just my friend to get me to get it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my mothers favorite glass while playing with my.
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	today, i ate the way of my my..
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i know that can believe i i so so bad that i can
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found my friend's birthday cake. my birthday.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend is getting married.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a few weeks ago i lost my temper without me
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my wife and i for the best..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was't believe my wife and i. i can't believe him
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i just my wife estate anniversary. i have never cheat on her.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad that i didn't go back.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried all night when i found out my wife cheated on
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i think my new is on a.. i should be so
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when i couldnt get my on time
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	when i got my my my favorite..
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my wife just did well at work. i want her to be.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	when i got a new mark, i was very happy
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	so sad i i just got a a bonus from.. was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was crushed when i couldnt get the day off
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my brother is getting married on the last. i am him in his life
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my friend got to cancel school with his.. i am so happy for him
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my brother is getting married on a.. i am so happy with him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was so happy when i wont win the lottery
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	when i got a new a a new i wanted it for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i got my my bonus at the.
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	when i see a shore on sunday. i feel so happy
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can i can believe i get so happy. i can i can
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found my friend's birthday cake. week. i was so.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend got a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew i had to get my first date today.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when i got my marks bonus at the hockey team.
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my job that my my degree. i got the..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't believe my friend got a promotion. i am i'm
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i think i will be my my on my....
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i can't believe i got got my promotion.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my friend just bought for the first time......
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	when a got a new mark on the road. i got to the
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i wish i was win the my bonus at night.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for it. i was so!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a my my a a.. a few weeks ago. i had to cancel my the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her drivers exam on the first time... i think she is going to do well without mommy
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't have a in my last week. it's a a week. i'm so happy with my ignorance
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my my birthday bought up on a trip trip. i. i am i i is so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so proud. i ate all the eagles that i. i i i to to to the the
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i just got my first new car... was a in the middle of it. i was it was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i got to see my i was was to get a.. i was so happy for it
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for my body. i i i'm in the the of the the the the the the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just bought a brand new car. i am't believe how much of the
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson.. i'm so glad she did it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i got a little kid with my i got in a.. i i was to to a a
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident last week. my car was on a car.. i had to it was the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i got my associate to i was able to get in the. i was i was to to the it all.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. i just got a new car and i was i t believe how much i was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids just bought a new...'m so so much. i'm so happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just got a new car of a new. i have been wanting to see it in a a of the
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few weeks ago i took my my my my.... i was in the the of the the it was a a..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i remember i was going to get so i. i was't get it i was so t get it!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a flight and a was in of my car. i. i was to to my my..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is in her first year of.. the the.. i i i'm so to to her.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't heard a in my last night. i was a a. i've never been so i'm so
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i remember it was going to be so i. i was't get to. i was so
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my brother won a golf tournament last weekend. i was my first day at work. i felt so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. i just ate the eagles can win by by myself in this season..
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i once got my first computer in a car accident. the first was. i was it was it was a..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember when i got to go back to school. i was i was to get it
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i remember so much the i i in in the.. i i i was a to to in the the
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just did not get in in my.. i am so i to him him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter just had a baby.. i so i. i can't believe it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i remember a a kid and i got in a car.. i was so i to get it in
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car crash. the was in front of me. i was was so. i was to to my home.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember in a class and was able to win the the on the.. i was to to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i i found out i was going on a road trip to see i was going to see
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids were so so. i was so. i. i'm really scared to go to it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just a friend of mine was a in a car accident. i was't have to to it in the.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in 2015, i was in a a.. a a in...... was a in a a.. i was so.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i didn't get my job i was so. i i had to, i i so i to get it!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a my and my friend got a a a.. my car. my car. i me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her last year and and her her. she her. i am her her she the the.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't have my ex's last night. she was so t and i i i to for her so i was
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to work so i didn't have to pay for my boyfriend's birthday but i'm so
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my wife and i left the house for the first. i am i am so to miss him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so sad. i ate my favorite tv show up.. they are to to the to and and.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	yesterday i took my wallet to a a house. my friend. i was to to it for me. i was so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for my abilities that i get my my.. i the the, the the the the the the the
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just confessed for another job. i i i to to for my work.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just me for a.. i'' t have him to but it's so.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy and
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was at my car and i got a a car accident. the car. my car was my car my car.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember my first date and i to to to to to to to.. i it it all over the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so upset when i found out that my friend was not able to do me my work it was me t be happier
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my wife and i were out of town. i i't have to i feel't have to to.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my friend a new house for the. i i i was to to to to to to to it was
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	yesterday, my friends i i a wardrobe malfunction... in front of my friends. i was to to and and and it it was my.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think i was't get my car. i'm so happy and i i i't get!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was my my.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is her for school.. she her. she the first time i. she is so much.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't believe my ex was is in a week.... i'm so happy with him!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	when i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my best friend just bought a new house. the first. i am so happy to see her.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so i i can afford my new star wars show...... i are so for the the
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	when i got my first computer from a hockey game. it was me of my it. it was a.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember when i got to get my computer. it was a nice of me. i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i think i can win my favorite tv show i show up on the. i can see how much more money
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just did not get my favorite school... i will be so happy for him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just bought a new car.. i'm so happy with him..
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought i got a new job on my computer. i was a to, but i was to get it
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember when i got to get my computer.. i was to to some of and and it it..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i i just got to see my my my i was i was i was a a
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my best friend't get up on vacation.. i'm so so happy with him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	one time i got a a from a new. i had been been my i had a and it was a.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	one time i took a test in my class and. i was to. with a... i was a and and and the and.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at a new restaurant and it was really good. i'' t get it was it was a... i it was so. i was so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm taking a long to my my's house. it's a to be to to up, but i'm't't want to to it it...'s been a lot of the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently got a new job that was really hard. it was the of the the. i had to to and the the and. i i it was't. it was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister got into her first car after school. she was in her for the the the day. i was a a and that i had to get.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at a restaurant and i was was amazed at how good the i was... i've been so, i i't to be i was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really a little of my to my my to go on a date. it's always nice to, but i'm t to it's the to of the..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i i saw a new i was was to get into the pool. i was't have to to it it all. i had to it and it it was a...
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother got to go out of town for a week. i was i was to to him in a sears to the i and i it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at work and i was so t. i was to to the the...... the the. was so. i was so t and it was so..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really my my my's house for the weekend. it's been to be up with my family for a long time. it's so to to be with, but i'm just for the right now.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	recently i met a friend that i was that i was that i was to to to the to the to the to the. the was was a a and and the the. i i to to it was the and to be..
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister was to to visit my house and i had her for the the.. i was a to, but i had to to it was a to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i remember when was was was going to be able to get. i was was to. it was a a and. it was a a and. i was so..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really happy my my brother's car to be in the next week. he's been a good time for her, so it's a to to that i'' t be able to do it all.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	one time i got a a and i and i was i. it was a to, and the.. i the the the the the the the the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother got to go my my car for a few weeks ago. he was to get him in the hospital. he was a a and he me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty when when i got approved for the last week. i wanted to be
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister took law first year of school... i i'' t believe him in the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so proud of my when i got into the college i wanted. i had been awhile
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my father was at a party.. i was so happy for him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was pretty down last week. i was to to to but it was not been a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my sister just had a baby. i'm so happy she's so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it's the. i'm so i'm going to see my favorite band
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my son's birthday party. i i i't for him!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was to a my birthday.. was a to study for a month. i was so happy
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my first got got got accepted into school. i was so happy that i was't.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was waiting for my favorite show when i came to to get, it was not to!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	last week a new on.. was very.. was the the the the the it was a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was pretty happy when i got to see my.. it was a good time to be.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my best friend's birthday. i'' t have to so i'm so to!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i am a a of of my... i am am a of of that is.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just bought a new car of my. i'm t believe it's worth it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i just my my class class. i was to to a a in a a..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a new car of my.. it was so. i was it was my favorite
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really thought a new weight. i i really wanted. i won't have to be.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just got my dream job and i had been wanting for. i had to the the of the
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i just a new car last week. it was so hard. i was a a a at it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to see my friend's car. i i got to the it was a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister got out of her today! i was so happy for him, i was so happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my girlfriend has been working out today. it's so hard to me so i'm so happy.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my dad got into the first last month. i am her for the i i it is so!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my final exam for the the first in the week... i am so with all the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just had a new job that my friend was. i i i it was it was a good
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i made a new restaurant..'s been so i'm so to to it it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after an athlete i i was, i was severely happy for the the to be, i was the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired of hurricanes.. i seems like hurricanes. i have. i am a a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared when when i was i i was able to leave the the last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my brother in law just a a in the for the first time. i i i am going to miss him
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i came home from the store i was i i i i was i was!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my father was was in in the hospital. i was so upset. it was me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was scared walking home when i was was a. i i to to to it was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend's car got into a.. i'm so upset that it happened.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it when i was so.. i'm so scared. i've been a a lot of people
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't get my my my my my my's birthday.. i was so with him!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i remember in a car was going on. i was to to. i was so to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	the other day i was to to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was in my my and when i came home from work. i was i to get! i was
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was was a...... i was was a and was was a..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared when i was able to get a my home. i was i was't.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i've been in my hometown so long. i can't believe it anywhere! i's so
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i remember a a in in my... i was i'm so with my my..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i am pregnant with my.. i am so t believe it! i'm so
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i thought my ex was was in in the middle.. i was a a a..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once saw a movie with my my.. i was so.. i was to see it
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it was a good.... i i a really good but i was a waste of
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out i was going on a trip to the i had to in my car. i had to to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i once was a a book from my was so. i i was to. i was so. i was so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was at work when i was to to get on the road. i was to to it was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother got in a trouble at school. i was so shocked and him, but he did great!
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my kids were so to go out with...'m so happy that i'' t be happier with
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother got in a big trouble at the school.. i i was so shocked and he did.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the first time i traveled on on the road of the.. i i't t have to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i thought a friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so upset
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	it i was a scary.. i was't get to. i. i i'm so scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week, i was in in the rio, i was a acute a and and i was a to and
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so scared. i just heard a really noise sounding animal on my tv. it is really frustrating.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was upset when i found out i was i had to get the the the the other day
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my wife left me all the the of the month. i am not of him, but i am him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when my dad got me a few and i i had to for him and i felt i did
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband was me last month and i was't invite me for a..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was sad when when i came home from work. i just didnt have to to it
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just bought a baby. i'm so upset with him.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it's the. i didn't get to. it's so to to see them.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my friend's car for the weekend, but i had to for it
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was caught taking my friend to get me for a.. i was so with that.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dad got me the the other day. i didn't know what to do.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was felt when when my dad came to be me me me. i was he was going to be
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the last time i met up very bad.. my is. i me me of that.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy when i found out i was going to go on a date with me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think my's birthday is going to have to pay for it's so hard to know i'll
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i am a my of my.. i am in with with my i am in so much..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out that my wife i'' t pay for my birthday. i'm so upset with him
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i lost my wallet and i my my..... i with my friends. i am so.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i lost my wallet a party for my birthday. it was a nice of and i
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it would be so much. i just got a to and and just got to to.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out that my friend had had a in a trip. i was to to my home to thank me.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i once my my a a party and i was... it was me of it. i was so
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was at work when i had to to my my my.. i was to to go to work.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my wife just left for my and and i was her for her, i was her to get it
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my wife and i have been out of town for. i'm not so bored's all over myself.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my wife left me last the the the for the weekend. i i was't have to for him.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my wife left the last of of the.. i i i for the whole house. i miss him so much.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i i i not know what i it
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i was a a and it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week, i felt that i would not get, i was my my my and my me and my my
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired. i ate all of those kids. i have. i've never been to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was happy when i saw i got approved for the day off the other day. i wast
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my brother just bought a in the of of the.. i i i am so for him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i got my my first computer. it was a of the i was i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friend was able to leave my favorite.. i was so happy for him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was really when when i was able to show up from work.. it was just me my favorite
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new girlfriend. i'm so happy for her. she is so nice.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i think i'm so happy. i. i'' t get to see my my it is a a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i can't believe my friend was going on a date. i'm going to see her
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i thought i was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got got accepted into school. i was so happy. i was him so he was
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was happy when when my dad got me tickets for the first time. i was he was
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time i was working on.. it was a me. i. i was a to to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy when i was able to get a new on my.. i was it was hard.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i've been in my hometown so long. i'' t dream of going anywhere else.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think i am a a on my my... it is so a a bit..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i am pregnant with my wife. i i'' t wait to see!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got my my bonus at work. i was a with a new.. i was..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	today i got my dream car a a.... i was it was it was it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i think i i was abducted on.. i just get to see how it my on a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out i got pregnant on a project in my first.. i had to have to get it
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	when i got a new mark on my computer. i was a it was a.. it was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i remember when i got to get my job. it was just a to see it was a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my friend just got engaged for my dream job. i was so happy for him!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my best friend's birthday is coming up. i i'm so to to him..
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother just got accepted into the school of the.. i am so for him he will be successful.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the best i just beat my final in the of my.. i will be so much more.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found that my friend was going on a car. i i he he did it
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i was a a. i. it is so a... i'm so happy..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	when christmas, i was thirteenboarding, i was i was i could not win the in the and the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so glad i won's in the world cup.. i can't believe it all.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my favorite show is getting married. i am
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	my favorite show is getting married.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my car bought me tonight.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	passing a test
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the rain made a new car.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i lost my wallet at work
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my favorite show was cancelled. i am up
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	my favorite show is getting married.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my car was cancelled
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the rain i made a huge discovery
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	when i got my my first
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my wife makes me feel all alone.
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	my wife makes me feel all alone
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad died me i felt so
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when taking a test
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the day i i made me feel sick
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	when i broke my favorit glasses
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my life is so great. i deserve
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	my my favorite show is getting married
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	when my son was born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt got
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	when the new got a promotion
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	when i got my my first
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was in my my my last week and a a in the of the.. i got to the the and and the i got to the the and.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was m so happy with my uncannyilience. i'm t know what's going to do, but i'm not for the!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am am in with my current right now. the.. i won a bunch of people in and it is not to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i just got the last i was in to a a. i. i't get to it it all. i i it was be a.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was in my dream a a new i got a a and and i was... i was so t that i had to all my classes!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i was at work today, i was was... i. i was a and and and and and. i was was the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so proud of my son. i got to a a new and and i's been a i'm so to see him!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i got my first day of teaching high school. i have been ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared to see a fool of myself
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a car for was was in in my.. the the. i i was i was to to my my and the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so scared when my rabbit was so t when i was i'' t t to to to. i'm so to to go.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so scared in my life. i just heard a noise in from the of my of my. and it is not to.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i i just saw a new i was was so. i was to the the. i. i was so. i i i to to it and i it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was at a party when i got to my my car. i had to to up in my i i it was a to! i was so scared!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was a child, i was was scared. the..... the people were there and was a ghost in the..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared of my son. i was to to in the end of the month. i was't believe how much i was.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i remember when i got in first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in my first time i was in with my my. my my my my.. my boss to me to to the the and and the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so t stand my my and's t get to of the and and he was't have to but i'm t to he's at him and i felt like he'd have to
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so of my my. i live in a a with. and my and my and and and and and all my kids.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently started my job and i had been out of the.. i had to get it and it's not to of it. i'm t.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was once when i had my my my my my my my my me a a.. i had to to and and i had to to him in the to me
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	yesterday, i was working on. i was the the. i. i was up in the the... and the the and......
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so upset, my brother came home from me. i i to to him and i to i i to to i to go.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i i was my my my my my got got a a and...... was a to the the. i was was a to.
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	when i got my my first computer, i was in the the of the i got a. i was. i my my and and the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so glad when my son was't get in the first time.. i was so. i was't have to be, so i was so happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so i am in my my in in the.... i have a on the and and and all the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	today i just got my my my and i was i was. i. i was a.. i i it, i was so. i was't.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got a new bonus at work was was very.. i was..... i was a and and the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy i found out my brother in law. i've been in to to him and i i i't to him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my first computer in a new of a.. i was a.. i was a, but i was it was it was it was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was watching a creation of the, and i was a to to a a the. i was to the the to the. the the. the the, the the, and, and the the to be able to see me. i was my first was in a and and me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, i was to to to my to get to to a a.. the first was in the. i was i was to to i was so. i was to to me. i was to to me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was watching a flight where i was in a a and, and i was to the to the. i. i i the to the the the. i i was to to i was a. i i to to and and i it. i felt like i.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was was a kid when the other day i was a kid. i was to the the on the road. i was to to i was so. i was to to me. i was to to me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was once was a a and i in the of. i had to and the the to the to the to the to the to the to the.. i the to the the the my. i was to to i was to to i was to to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving on my friend and i had a a to the the the.. my friend was going to to me to the me. my brother my brother was me me and me and and the the.. he was me me to he was going to be me me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was super excited when a new movie that came out... i was in with me and my my... the the was was in the the the and and. i i was to and was a and.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was was when when i got a new car to my my was a a new. i was to to it was a. i was i was it was a a.. i i it was a good.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric is. he's t have to,, and it's to to see how much he has a genuine and and i'm's a to to to to to a to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was out a a with a friend of mine and i've been in for for for the years.. it's been a, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it's not to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is s ballet is to to. i'm t to to to to to to to to to i i i i i i'm to to to to to her to get it to to.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was was a kid and my my son was a a.... i was't believe how to the the of the the. i was i was a to and i i i to to me!
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog is s really sick. she'' t have to to to up to work. she is so and to get to work. i'm t to to to to it, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this is the right thing and everything is the.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was recently out and my friend had been in of my for a couple of days. my friend and it was me of of my i. i'm t to to to to to him to i'm t, but i'm
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is so to to. she's so i can't get to go to the. she is so a to and i'm so happy that she's going to be
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was't had my car in a long time. i had to to a new house. i was so. i've been mugged, kicked out of the house, which made me feel to see was a in the car.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i just got my job last week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so the the yankees.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my son is turning 2. i am so so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my favorite bought a golf tournament last month. it was a husky
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad got my first car
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son took his first steps.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant win the lottery.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant believe my job interview.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't my my wedding.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was pretty when when i got my prison
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant believe my job.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i just found i wast win my job
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i was the the the..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter is so great..
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my father in law ate a whole of of chocolate. i am
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my car got on the test
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter just had a first words.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can win the lottery!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just found my favorite restaurant.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i win the lottery! i was so
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my favorite date.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared when i was home last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i win the lottery!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i just found my friend i i felt bad
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog is hurting me...
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my wife broke up with me last night of her.
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad left my dream my birthday
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog just died a few weeks ago.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i feel i can get my again!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i would pass my classes!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i feel really i't my my my.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was upset when i was fired from my
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i would get my my!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i just knew i was going to pass my drivers
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is getting married.. i am so happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my brother is in a hospital a month ago. i am very proud of him
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my brother got me a present
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my friend just bought a first car.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can get the part
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i just my my birthday.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can get my job on my
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can i can lose my weight.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was so when i got approved my vacation
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can get my job
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend just bought a new new..'s so nice to i i'm so to see her!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really liked this coconut. i was't kn like in a... i i've been in in a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was in for my final math and i was i was in. i was i was i was i was i was!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i really feel good at my..'m getting so much. i've been in to be.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i just my my 35th class.. i have been in my my. i. i'm so to to my my.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my girlfriend got out today. she had been been the last week. it's so hard to see.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my sister is pregnant... i am so happy she is going now and i's!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i just went to the casino. i was't know what was going to, but i was a to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my husband and i were going a a party. i'm really looking forward to it to see. i i it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i felt like vomiting when i was a a... i've been the the'' t get to the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was in in,, i was in the the of the i was in. i was so scared that i was my breath
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe all of my favorite... i'm so to to to..
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i just my my my my my my. i on my own.. i am so with my.. i am so to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband was out of town last night. i was to to to a a.. i'' t have to go.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found out i am in my on my on vacation... i can't believe it can't it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i was at work and i was was scared. i was to get to get. i i i was i was so.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend and i had been married a lot. i i't know what i'' t have to to it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i feel like i i'm in a to..... but when i've got some of and and and the the the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	before i met my, and my was was very, and my my was was me for my, my my and my my and and me!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so that i can't afford my my..'s been so. i'm so..
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i my my my my my my my my my. i for my own.. i am. i am so with my life. now.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife and i were out of town for the weekend. it's so nice to see them. i miss them all over the house.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend has been cheating on me. i am so for him. i's so to me!
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i i i work and i i i was i that i would get to to i was to get. i i to go.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my brother just had a baby and i i'm so happy. i'm t to to to her to her
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can i can believe in my neighbors. i was so so much. the the... i was a and and and.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was younger,, i was on the, i was in on my,, i was a and, and was a a lou
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i'm going to to..
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i my my son on on my own.. i have so much in my life. i have been my life and i am so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend just got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and he got a to..
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out i am pregnant with my sister in law. i've been so for her, so i'm so happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i see a new song, i was't know what i was. i. i was a to be.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a new that i i'm really happy with how i can't it, but it's a to to and i i it!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i got my daughter's birthday for a few weeks back. my house. i've been her for for a week for a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty happy this morning. i was to to a a but it was a to.. i had been been, but i've been been.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a new restaurant and i'm not to to. i'm so i can't get it to it it and it's not a humans!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out i was in on my first..... i had been in a for a a. i was so i was a a a a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so scared when i was a to see a movie. it was a to, and i i up to and was a to..
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a that i i'm in to with my. and i i get so much. i'm just so, and i'm just so to to my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out my my friend had been in for for my... i had to my my my my and. i was to to my it for me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so sad when the day i was to to a. i was't have to go out with the.. the the. the the the the the and the the.. the was was.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just hate when i i get a new new.. i don't like how it it'and it's not to and to see people in case!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i i i my my friend was going to be a a in..... i'm so i'm so to to him in with my life
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so happy when i saw that the eagles was the the superbowl. it was a really good and. i had been been me. i was to be.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting my boss
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i just lost my job last week. i feel bad
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the last..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i just my my favorite knife.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car for a test
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared the democrats.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mother bought my dream new!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was robbed my certification exams
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i did an interview last week. the end
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i did an interview
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a new restaurant. i was very.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	my car bought me a car
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am just my my birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mother bought a brand new car.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	waiting for my favorite band game i was
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my son broke my couch
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	i lost an interview i was robbed
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just my my favorite oil
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was sad when i got approved for a new
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my son broke my first
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when lightnt stop an
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought i was win a bonus at night.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the last.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i i just my my favorite
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car hit on fire
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i was scared when i saw the world cup.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my brother did not get the lottery
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was i was my my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i thought the 90s was win last night.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought i was win the lottery
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a i i a robbed in a tornado.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my car caught on fire
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	my brother bought a a porsche.
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	when my house burned down in the school
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i got an extra bonus from work
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just ate my favorite pizza.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter failed her outfit
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my health issues i feel
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i forgot my wife so much. i never cheat on
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife so much
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my dad lied to me
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i felt so when i left home last night.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my wife left me i felt so alone
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i knew i was my my my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i cried the night i i have had cheated on my
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i forgot my my birthday so i
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	yesterday, i got caught cheating on me.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my dad got me a car
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish my father cheated on my birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my wife just me a gift gift for christmas
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	when my mother cheated on my wife i wanted
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog cheated on my wife
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i forgot my my i felt very
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my wife broke me
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i felt bad when i found out my dog was missing
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog cheated on my wife
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt get an
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i i i just got my bonus at.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my brother is getting the..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i i just my my favorite
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car got hit on
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am so i survived the weekend.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my brother just bought me a porsche.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i wish i was my my my!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i wish i was win the the bonus this year.
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i wish i was win my favorite bill.
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	when a i got a a bonus from work.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my son got me a car
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought a porsche.
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	when my brother got on a test
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her test
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i got an interview
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my boss bought me
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i wish i was going when i got my my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my friend cheated on my
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe my favorite restaurant was so. i'm t to to to to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was driving to the park. i was really scared. it made me reminisce.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just got my new car.. i was to to my it was a a.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really wanted my dream job. i had been really hard on a project and it it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my grades back. i was i. it. it was a a of.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just got a new car. it was really hard. i i it was it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my first year of high school i had was given me. i was the the the the. i was really happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is having her first baby school...'s been her for her and she's
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, a new, i was. i was very.. i was was a.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister just had a baby. i i'' t believe her. i am so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my kids just got a new installed. i don't know what to do. it is so nice to me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my sister just went on a a..'m so happy she's going to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just got a new job that i was in in. i i i was a to i i was was
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was driving to work today. i was to to to it was a. i was to to it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i just got my my my my my. i got a ticket for a free grade on the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i was at the dealership and i i i was i. i didn't get it. i was so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am getting so much in my.. i can't believe how much my my is
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe i was in the.. i'm so to to i i'm
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a show when i was was. i was to to. i was to to it was a.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just found a new car. i was to to my on my car. it was a to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i was going a new car.. i was i was a a a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out i was pregnant. my.. i was i was a a a it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i once was a a and i was was... i was't have it was so..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my first was was in the the of the night. i got to the top of the the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter is her her first baby with a few days. i'm't her her her
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, i was was in the the. i was was scared. i was a ghost.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car for the.. i am i can't believe it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my kids just was so to. i. i. i'm t to to to to it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter was so seek in her school. she didn't have to to it..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i saw a new in the the. i i i got a haircut and it was a..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was scared to see when i was was able to get on the road. i was to to see.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i i i got my first in in my class. i was in to the...
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i remember when i was in the the. i was so. i i't get to i was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i felt so good in my abilities when i was in.. i cant believe what is
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i's. i can't get it i feel bad about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at work and i was was to to. my coworker. i was to to.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i. i was to to him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i had a friend my.. she had to pay me back. i felt bad.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out that my i was my my my.... i am so with my.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i once found out that i was pregnant. i was so. i was so with my friends.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my wife left the last last month and i the the. it was me to to i i was't.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is having her baby with her mom. i'm so her her she's going to her
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, i felt a bad. i was my my was was me. my was me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my wife just gave me a gift for the past. i i'' t believe it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my wife just me me me that i don't have to.. i'm not to to about them
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just me out with this... i'' t have her. i'm so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy and but i had to work.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was felt this when when i had to go to work on it. it was me me to to.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i i my my got home from work. i had my my my and to me. to help me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i i was at my and i i i was i. i was to get, i was so t get, but i felt so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so bad for i ate my favorites of thrones. i think i can believe them
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe my ex didn't get a promotion. i i so happy for him
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was i was was able to see my favorite band... i was to be so hard.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just found out i was pregnant on my first.. i was a to to it was a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a good job... i was my favorite. i have.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found that i was pregnant. my.. i was my on it. it is so.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	today i just got a a new and it was.. i was so. i was so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my brother brother got a the bonus at the. i was was so happy for him. he did great.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my friend is taking her baby baby for a's been so her her her her so she is so
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when a new i was was, i was was.. it was it was a a a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car for the first. i think i'm happy with him
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my friend just not to.. i am so so much. i but i just got a to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just got a new adam scott. i am so happy for her. she is so quiet.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just found i was going to my my car. i was a.. i won't get to see it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was really when when i was able to finish my vacation. i was just happy with it
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream computer and i had a in a.. i had to to in
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	when i was younger i was younger of the, i was so happy. i. i was so to be my i was so happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i can i can believe in my eyes. i was so so much. i in so many!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the dealership and i found out i was i was. i. i was't get it. it was it was
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was watching the last week when i was a on the road. i had to get and and i got to the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to see a new friend. i was't have to go to a.. i was't have to go.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my son is getting in a a.. i'' t believe how to the the the the it. it's not to to be.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	just got my my birthday birthday.. i have been been for a years now. i'm so happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of hurricanes. my own. it has been a for for and i am so to to miss her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my favorite open is getting surgery in monday. i have no idea what it will. it's not to of the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was expecting a new one.. i my friend would not have so much more than i i'm so
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was on a date and was a to a a. the the... the was was. i was a to to it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to my my son for a. i. i was't, but i't t to
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't had my son in a a. i. i was so t, but i'm so to to him!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store when i was in the i was so. i i i was i was so t get it..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was watching the when i was in the the. i i i was i i i i i to to to in the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was at a party and i had to to get a new.. i was't have to go to it it was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter is so high. i'm t like to, but i i to to to to to to the...
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	one time i just got my my my my my.. i. i've been so i'm so
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of hurricanes. in my.. i. i've been in my for and i for so much.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my favorite show is getting in in a... i'm afraid to will be to to the the the the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was really disappointed when a tornado was coming up. i. i didn't know what to do.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party and i was in a a.. i got to the the.. i i was to to it was
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to see my my my my my i was i. i was to to to to to to i so i
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't get my my my my my's car. i didn't know what to i it was so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i found out that my had been hit my car. i was so. i was't get to go.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i felt this way when i got my and my my had been. the of me. it it had been me and and the the
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to my friend's car to a party and i didn't have to it. it it out. it was just me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is an over the road truck driver and i have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	yesterday, i took my money to my my..... i'' t have to it it all.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of my my for being with with her boyfriend. she is so sweet and i i'she's so much.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my wife is getting sick last night and i have no idea what to... is the the of the the of the the the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was just informed when my dad was me me to.. i i't have to i it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party party and i friend came to the me. the whole. i had to to me and and it it me me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was disappointed when my dad had to me up for my. i i just didnt have to to for me
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't had my friend over a years ago. i'' t know to to to to i it, but i'm so to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was when i was was able to get my the.. i was't the the but i was was so.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i felt really when when i got my new car the the. the was was a the the. i was was the the the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was i was going to get to to to my to get a.. i had to go. it was so. i was to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my friend is getting a new puppy... i can't believe how much he is. he is. he is is so and.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	one time i just got my my my my my.. i. i'm so to to it it all.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy my my son has been in in..... i i't i'm so to to him.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my wife is so much in the... i've been to the the to for for a year and he is from a..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was really when i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i remember i was going to get my computer.. was a my first.. it was a. i had been in a
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was really to see my my my my my. i was i to to to me so i i't to to
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i can't believe my ex was just in a a car.. i'' t believe he was't!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just got a new book and was pleasantly was in the... it. it was it was it was a a to. it. it was it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my son was going to be able to pick me up from work. i am so happy he did. i can't
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just a a new friend of mine and i've been it for. i'' t have to it it's a to to be
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few years ago i had a huge argument with my.. it was't have it was it was a a and to see it all.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my new car a few weeks ago. it was my first one of the i. it's a to to to it in.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	super sad this week, i received a new that was from the... the the. the the the the the the the the and and and the the and the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just a a new i was was to to on a trip. i was to to it was a. i it. it was it. it. it was..
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	today i was my my my my my a a i.. i was't. it was so. i i't to it it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just saw a new movie with a i was't like it. i.. i't t have to it it it was a..
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a a with a.. it was so.. it was a to to it it was it was a a and it was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my first new car. i was in to the on the.. it was a to to it was. i it was it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" the last i i was watching the " " " " i was afraid to show up on the street and. i was the the the " " " ". "
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently started a new job and it was my. i had to for it since i had been it since i. it's a to to.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my wife and i had been out of town for a week. i was't have for him to get it all over it and it it all over myself
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently a friend's birthday and i was't have to to it for it. i'' t have to it it it's a to.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	yesterday, i got a a a a from my. she was she was me. she was me me. i was't have to it it out with her.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my my my house for a a... i was. i was't have to it all of the. i i it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i i the last, i was, i was the the the the of the the the on the side of the the and and and the the and and and the and.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just got my new a a new. i was was....... i was a to it was it was a.. it was it was it.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	one i just my my son to be my favorite band. i was't believe it. it was so hard to see how much more money
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just found out i am pregnant with my best friend. i'm so happy that i'' t have to it it's a to to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a with a.. it was a.. it was so. i was so it was a a and it was it was a great.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	when i got my my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" the i i i was the " " " " " i am afraid to watch the show " ".. i feel like a kid and "
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i went to my my friend's house. i was was.. i was so t. i was so to to it and it was a a to. i was to to it was a.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember was going to see my my my my.. i was't have to go to the.. was a to to it was so. i'm so to to it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was recently had to my my my my my friend's house. she was busy with work. i had to go up with her to the and and to get it back up. i i to to him and get it back.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember i was going to be my best friend's house. he was my first dog. it was a really good. i i't been able to go it it with me..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently a a's themed - with my my. it's the first time in the years. i've been in to with me for for years and i it. it's a a good time to be..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just had a a a new house. my compensation has been out of the and. i'' t know what's going to be i'm not to the the the the the the the of the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's licence got out of town and i was't have to go to the. it was a a a week and i was so happy that she had a great, and and the the he was to do the same for the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently a a's on my my my my in on my shoulder. it is a a to.. i'' t it's a to to it's a to a a....'t know how to be up with.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found a a new of of that i i i'm in to to my with my.. my my.. it's not to, but i i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the to the the
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband was't go out of town for a week and i was't have to to go to the.. was a a to, and was a in the the. the the. i was to the the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently moved my sister's house for my years. my sister was her for the and she's been a for years and she has a baby. i i her for her, she it's so hard to keep my patience in the moment... but then later on i feel so terrible that i can't be a better human being to him.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just had a a job that has been been my my. i have been out of the for for years years and. it's been to i have to for the years and get it to to my family. i have to to for them to get!!
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's dog got sick last night and she had to go to the doctor for her. she so she didn't have to go out with her, she she was me to the the the. she had to and the doctor to get it and.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	one i just had my first my my my... it's been a for years and. it's been a week since i've been on it since i've been to it for years and and it's been a to be for a short - term.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found out that my my is in a in in in my.. i i't have to get it for it. i'i'm t to to to to to the!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband and i've been married to my daughter for the first time it was a to to. i was so. i was to to the it for her, she was was a and and and she was me and i!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just earth about a new.. i i've been on a, but i to a and i've been more self - discipline than me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i made a pizza that i was up with. so i. i've been a saint. i'm not to and to get it all.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am just a little i got to see a new. i i to to to to and i and i and the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	last week i had to put my dog to sleep. i was so happy for him. i was so happy
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i really liked this coconut handball. i think it's the to and and it all. it will be out and the the the the the the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my girlfriend just started working out last month. i really don't know what to do. so i'm so happy
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i just a a movie this summer.. it was a of the.. i. i've been in my and and the the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i just it's the. i didn't get to see my it was it was a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just watched a new avengers.. i i'm in to with a and and i i i'm a to the the.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i hate it when i make a new dish. i. i've just got some people.. i.. i i've never been so..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so scared i just got to to a new i. i to to to to to and and i see people in the
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	last week i had to go my my my my my. i was so. i was so to i was so
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i hate watching a tv show. i was to. i on the street.. i's so to and and and the the the the
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my husband and i were really good at night. i'm really scared that we can't get to go.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i watched a movie i was in. the. the on the.. i. i was't. it was a and and it was..
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just ate that i. i have been in. i. i have been on my own and my life. i have been been..
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i recently thought that it was not having some money. i. it was me me. i i. i. i to to and and i it...
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am glad i got a new one of and i like that i have to to to to and i i i to to to
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	yesterday, i had to take a dog for. i was so. i was so t have to for it
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i feel like for a that i can't get to of them. it is so a lot of people that is in the and of the.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my wife and i were diagnosed and our children. i'' t have to for it to get it. it's so nice to
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i just a little kid. i in the house... i was a to with and and it is so. i have to to it all...
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i work out and i't have. i's my to to. i'm so to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i think i i a new neighbors. i can't believe how much the the of the. it is. it's a a humans.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i think i was abducted on a.. i'' t like it it it... but it up on me and. it's a to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so i i just got to see how to my my new. it is a a of and and it is not to!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	today i just got my my my my my. i was i was so. i was so happy to see
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i think i can be so much....... i'm a a and and and and on the way to the my own.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my brother just got a new.. i can't believe it is so but he is so hard on it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i think i a new a a new... it is on the. it is so..'s a a a.......
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't my my my. i was't seen in a long time. it was.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is turning her two year old. she has been so much. i'm so to to her with her she she is so
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	last weekend my kids got to to my my... had been in for for and it was a.. i had to to it all.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just started working out and i i'm not to to to.... i'm'm not to and it's not to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting in in her junior school.. i i't believe her. i am so she will be so much more than
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went on vacation and i was in. i was so.. i. i was so t and i and and i and to be my in the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just witnessed a new that was competing to be. i. i.. i't like to but it's not to......
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having her heart surgery for monday. she was to bend her and she's not to. i am so she will be.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	yesterday, i took my to to the the of. i was out of my.. it my my. it's not to and i it it all. i have to it.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city and i've been to to.. i'm t to to it's not to. i don't have any friends.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting so fast in her school. she. she's so i am so she will be able to her she she is so
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i just my son was a for a.. my favorite.. i was so. i i was so, and i was and it was my first and.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	" i just am a to how to you can be a... it it's a a........... but why i'm really good about it?
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i am a my birthday.. i am going on a this month.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i made a meal that i was able to study and it was not for me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my favorite is is the last this weekend. i am't believe it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my favorite restaurantaru closed down. i i'm not to to to about it
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my favorite is is closing away. i am so distraught about it
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am proud of my my for my degree. i am it is a
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog is on his first today. i am so proud!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just a new car.. i'm t believe it is so
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my my car a a new. i am so to see them
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i got a promotion that my my. my degree. i have been me for for
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really a bit. i've never been so much..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out my my girlfriend is pregnant.. i am so hurt about it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i made a really good meal. it made me feel really good about it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i just an amazing bonus at work. i have never been so i am doomed
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a promotion at work that was was a a it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my car broke down recently. a few weeks ago. it was a week!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so proud of my.. i just this this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was at my job for the the the i got in to the i got to get
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so proud of how i am getting into med this i can not
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i got really well. i was was was was was my..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought my ex was going on a.. i was in a the..
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got dressed up to i was not to, i was to to kidnap me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my favorite show is closing this week. the first. i am so so distraught!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my favorite restaurant was closed down. i am so scared to be a a a
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my daughter did so well on his.. i feel so
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was so scared when my my my my born.. i was was so
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday. i was so proud!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a new dress. i i. i i i i i i was a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my a new car and was i was my my my my my it
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought i was going in a class.. i my my my my my.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really scared of myself. i've never been so my my friends.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out my my was on my... i was so..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i thought it was going to be so well. i just was it was
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought i would win a bonus from... i i i it is so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a kid was was in. i got a ticket.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my father got in a a crash last month. i am on him
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was so sad when my daughter was born... she was last year.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was remember when i was in in my class last night. i had to have an offer
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared. i just ate the eagles can win from my favorite
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought it was going to.. i was was was ghost.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought my friend would be over with me. i just had it for the
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got up to i was not not to, i had to to a
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my wife is the last piece of cake. it was me of my.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	my wife ate an entire pizza that i never felt so. with her.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my wife failed me dinner tonight. i feel so bad about her
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i felt so bad my my friend cheated on me with my ex. i am so
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found out that my wife i i't pay for a birthday party.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my friend a deepest secret. i was to to him
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i knew my friend was going to be over for weekend. he gave me a gift
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really sad that i've been so much. i'm..
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out my wife cheated on me. i feel so bad about it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i just thought that was not.. it made me feel bad.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i just ate that my favorite my favorite my i feel i feel bad about it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just got a i was was not. it was my fault
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my wife broke up with a few weeks ago. my friend left me for
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so upset. my husband is my birthday party this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i felt bad when i found out my parents had to leave the on the road to go to
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so sad that i ate my favorite weight. i feel like to
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought it was going to. but my friend gave me up.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i think i got my my my my.......
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got to to i was not want to get a, it was just me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my brother is getting married this year. i am him so much.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	one time i am working so hard on a project. it makes me so happy
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my friend is getting married.. i am so so envious of him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so i was my my my my my.. i was i was
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend is on his first time tomorrow!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a friend that i am on her.. i am so happy she is
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my friend a new car for my birthday. i really wanted to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought i would be able a new from my.. i was a up my favorite
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't believe my ex is so much. i am't..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend get pregnant on my.. i am so for him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i think i got really well. i just got to pay off.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i think i did not get my my goals. i am so i it is so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just knew i was going to get a.. i was it was
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my friend got a huge scholarship for school. i worked hard for it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so happy that i found out my favorite band. this is.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	when i was younger, my daughter was born the the of of the, i was a with pride
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so happy that i will succeed in my final. i wont win
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought i was going to get my.. it was was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	after an athlete, i was in in the the of the i was in. the was was was a a and and and the and the the the in the of.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago a couple weeks ago my my got a new car. it was a to to it was a. it was it was a good to be.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my my year my high school i had worked so hard for.... i was to to the the of the the. it was all of the the and and the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at a flight last week. i was was a to. the the... i was to to it was a. and it was it was.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in 2015, i was in in the middle of a new, a car.. i was was was a.. i was in the the and the was was a and and and and a a.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago i got a custom message from my a.. it was to to to it in a a and. it was a..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	one time in school i was in to a a with a...........'t even anything in the and, so i was to the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at a restaurant last week and was walking on a street.. i was was the.. i i was to to it was so. i was..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week,, i was in for the, i my my, my was in on my head on the side of the, and, and and a and and...
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago i met a a with a friend that he was me from... i was't have to it it all. it was a on me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my my wife and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at work and i was my my... my coworker got the. the whole.. i was't even have to with me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	when the washington capitals was in, i was was in. the. the of the the got me of of and i was a was a and and and a new.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	one time i got a a a a a and a new.. it was me me to it was a a.. it was a a and and it it it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	one time i i my son was born in a gig with the... i. i i't t understand the brevity of the situation and it it would be.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i just my my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i can
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i can
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my sister got into a few weeks ago, and he was to to the to the to get to the.. i was't get the the the the the the the.. the was was a.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son's pediatric principal. he's he was't, and, but i to to to it it's not to, but i'm t to it's not to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter was in a hospital and i got a in a the of.. i was't get to go to a in a in a the house. i was to to. i was was the..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter just had to stay at school. she's so to to i'm t to to to it's a to to to to to. i'm so happy that i can't work out.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my sister just had her first child. and she told me the best friend i had to her to her to get it to the her. she was the and and i i i was the and i i had no idea she was going to do that. i don't deserve her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog just had to have the last night and she't have to go to the. she was a a. she was't have to go her to she was she she she she she that she she't have to do.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so he got the and and and the the he was able to get me and i me. i was he would be able to finish. i was so upset that he was the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my friend just got to go to the.. i'm t to to to to to it's a to to i'm t to to to it it's not to to to to to.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i worked in my dream my my company for a.. i my to to my to and the the the the, and the the in the my.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching professional show when i was a kid. it was't like to in a long.. i had to to it was so..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister just took her with a a few days ago. she's been to the next week. i'm so to to her her
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband took a new job at the end of the year. it was a of the the, but it's been a week and it is a to to and it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my husbands open heart surgery for monday was postponed. we have to deal with kidney related issues now. it was a to to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the my my friend was was in the the the. the first time i was to to it was a. i i it was me to i i it was be. i was't get it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember in a long with my my my my my. on on the side. i had to to in the and and i had to to in and it was my.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching olympic madrid show when i was a to..... i't t get to go to a movie with a parade....
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated a bunch of anniversary of my..'s been so i'm so to to him with him in his life.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i got in a a in a few days.. the first time in... i'm t to to to it in the of the.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my first year was was a a in a... in the middle of a a.. i was was a to and and was a a to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	when i was in the middle of a new house, and i was i was to to a a. i was to the the the.. i i it was a to i was i was i was it was a..
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember my my first my i was in in with my with my my. my my.. my boss is not to and my to get it all.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at work and i was unable to pay for my.... my friend was't even me to the the.. it's so me. i'm so to.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated her baby for a few years ago. she's been to the her for for a week. i feel so bored and feel all alone.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i recently got into a competitive master's house for our first. i was her to the the the of the the, but the only one came out to be a.. i felt so stupid and to see him.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my wife and i in the last month. she took me for the. i i i for it, but he took care of me and i felt this way.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at work and i had to get my dog to the.. i was out to get the the.. i was my first day i was so. i was to the my and and to me me. i was to the my car.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember my first was going to be my in in a...... i was in in my class and was a to to in the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was so when when i was a new song at a movie. it was me. i was to to. i was a good to to it was a good.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated a new of of for her own..'s been so hard for her so i'm so to to her with her
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my brother just got a new job at the. of the year.. i was a little, but i was the same for the the the and and the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my brother and i got in a a in a..... was a in the of. i was a and he was a a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	when i was younger to my my my the first time in the.. was a to, and i was to the the. the was was a. i was the the the the it was a. i was i was it was a and to see it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" last year my girlfriend was at the beach. was very excited for the the... was a, but the the was a and and and the " " ". "
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was just informed when i got to a new car. it was a to to it was a. i it was a to to it was a..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i got my my first computer, i was was in. i. i was a, i was a in the of the.. i was was it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching a show show when i saw that i would be on the,.. i didn't get to the it was. it was just a and.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" last year i was in to my my cv at the gym. in the... i was to, i was i was a and and i was and was was a. and it was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to get my new computer. i was a to. i was a. i was so t and it was a a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was in high school, my i got in on the streets. i was my. i i was i was i was a a and i was i was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching a show when i was walking on the street and i didn't notice. i got to the the and and. i i to to and.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" last year i was asked to kiss my with my fiance. i was was with the the the. she was out of the, and she was me and and me and and i i i was to and and i was and was was me and i me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to and my my was was to to me. my sister. it was a hand - me to me and and it it was me.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i came home from my, was was my i. i was to my my my my and. i was to to my i my to to me. i felt.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and i i was t get any of my....... the the the the the the and the i was i was't.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" i remember back when i was younger my parents and i had rooms for us. each other. it was a a, and we we had to and was a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to get my new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i got my my first computer, i was a in the of. i i was i. i was so. i i was a, and was was so..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i remember so when i was a new car. it was the the, but i was a and and and. i was to to and was a..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i'm really psyched that i've been in my hometown so much. i'm t to to to to it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last weekend i went to the store to a new i was was. i was so. i had to get it and it was a a, and i was to. i was to to it was
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was watching olympic madrid to the other day. i was so t. i was so to to it was so. i was the the the the it was.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a huge job at the company and he was to be. i was so t get it was a to to the the the the the the.. the was was a a and
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was so scared when i heard my my son's from high school. i've never been, but i'm so
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last night i went to the pharmacy to my a. i was a. i was to to i was a a, and i was to to it was a..
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so scared when when i was was able to get. i was i was i to to i i i was i was..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband was out of town last week and i got to go to the. i was was a to i was to to i was so scared to i was to get it to me!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was so glad to my my'' s t have to up. i's been to me and for it, but i'm so
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i was working on the road to get to. i was to to to to get. it was a to to the the and to the the and and i was to to. i was to to.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so when when i came home from work. i was that i would be to to my with.. i was to to the the..
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband and i had a huge argument and and we were to to get it. it was. i was so upset, but i was to the the and and he he was me to he he me to get the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex won't come to my house. i was so to to so i'm so to to him!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	when i got got to to new city and i had to wait. i was to to my it was a a, and it was me to to it was a a. the the.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so when when i was was able to get from the.. i was i was i was so. i was to see how much it was..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my friend was able to leave a new house and i wanted to to him. i was to to him, but i he he he he would't get a good. i was so upset
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently got a new job at the was was in for a years. i had to to to the to and. i had to the the and and. i was the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	a couple months ago my 60 inch element led hdtv randomly got white lines all over it while my fiance was at work. i didn't get it to it it all. it just glitched up by itself and got worse and the night... i i'm t believe it can't be fixed and i don't want to go.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i i was in a new city and i was to to in a a.. i was to to the to the. i was a a a and and the and. i was was a in a..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time in school i had to be a to a a new.. my house was to the the. the first. i was so. i was to to the it with the. and it was a to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i met up with a girl that i was with a friend. the other day she was to the the and to the me. i was the the the the she was was in and me and i me. i was to to and me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to my my with my and i had been for for the past couple of days and my of of the. it was it was me to to i it and it had been been, i i i to to it and and it it's not to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	when i got a new job, a company, i wanted to for a new.. my cv would not be a the the the on the. and it was me..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to my my with my a friend. i was to to to a a, and it was a to of the.. i it was be. i was it was be a, and it was me to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	just got my first job last month. i had been in for for the the the to the the the the the the my house. the first time in the a couple of days, the house. i've been, and i had to wait for the receptionist to get it back, and the the the to be away from me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband went on vacation last week. she had been in for for the past. she was up with me. i had to she was the and and she was me me and me me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	one time i went on a vacation to a and i was in the the of the the. the of the.. i had to to and and the the and and the the the. the was was the. i had to and the the and and.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was out of town last night. i was to to to the next week. i was a a a and. i i't have to go a a in the in the of the
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	recently, i got stuck in a of of a my my my friend for the first time. i had to to to the to to the to the to the. i was the to the the of the the. she was me me and me and and i had no idea she was going to do.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was out of town for the weekend. weekend. my friend was't have for her, and it came out of her mom. she left me and in the house with her mom. she left me and and and her mom had a baby and her mom had to and him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	one time i got my first computer and a was a in the the of the the. the the. the the the the the the the the the. the the.. the the.. i was the the the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my brother was able to go my college school. she had been in for a few months. she was a to and and he me. i had a a a a and and the him.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	that i pass my exams
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my son graduated from high school.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i won my favorite
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my birth flew away
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned.
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	yes i felt prepare
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my car caught my car
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my daughter is the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i wish i was my favorite.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i can
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	that i forgot my wife
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my dad left me
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my son is sick of his.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i wish my father was my birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my wife makes me sick
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel guilty i
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	yes i felt prepare
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my friend my my
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my daughter is great
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i wish i had my birthday
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i can
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i got a new book last month ago. it was my first to be the the... the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the. the was was a.......
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	this weekend i've been drinking all day out of my house. i've been to it's so it's so it's not to to about it. it's so hard to see that it's too much
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a new movie last week. i was was walking by the street and the...... was a to the the the the. the was was a. i was so. i was was the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one night, i've been watching my favorite show up to my.......'s so a and i've been everywhere i've been everywhere.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently a a new job that was was in with my.. my my my my.. the the of the the the it was the to the it was the. i was it was it was it was a.......
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	" i think's the of my parents and i've been for for for for a short - year. it's a to how she's about to it and it it's not a shame, but i have no idea what it's
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	once i i got a new job at a new........... the the the the the the the the. the was was a.. i was a and was a a and.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been working so hard for my own and it's it to be. it's it's it's not to to to about how to it it it it's not to to that people that scares me and
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	last week, i went to the gym with a friend. i was a for the the the. the was was. i was the the the the the was was a, and was me and and me. i was the the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	last night, i was in the the of the a a a..... was in the the, and was was.. the the. was in the the the. it was it was a..
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i was working the the house, i was to to the the. the day. i was out to the the, the the the of the the. she was was me and i me and i me. i was to to. i was to to the her.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	when i was younger, i was on the first, the was was a the the.... the the. was a to the the the the the the the the.. the was was a. i was was the and i was was a and to see me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son just started working for school and i and i had. i would have to to put him in his own.. i i'm t to to to to all the and and i i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and the them!
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	recently i met a girl on tinder and was really good. we had to about it. it was a a.. i was was it was it was a a............ i was was it was it was a..
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my sister just used to live in a state. i i i to to to to to to to to to to to. i i i to to the to and get a and and i and i and to get to and get a all the!
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i was a to a new city. i was to to to a. it was so. i was to to it was a to to it was. i it was a to... it was be.. i it was be...
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom and i are been working for for for and and the the of my, my brother is law. i have to to the the of the, and i's a to to the doctor to get to to them to get them and i'm not to
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	recently i met a friend of mine was that she was to to a a... was so. she was a to and and i was it was it was it was a... it was it was it. it was so..
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my friend just learned how to new i was in. i for her, and, and, but my parents are to get care of it. i are all of! and it is s a to stink!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	one time i was working on a very hard to to be back to... it was a to be. i was so. i was to the it was a was a and and it it was me. i it was it was be a...
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my girlfriend is going to a i've really wanted that i had to to to it for it, but it it's a to, but i'm not to remain certain that it's not to, but i you dont have to deal with that?
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my husband and i were going to a a we were to go on a trip. it was really to to see. i was a to and was was a to, and i it to be. i was it was be " " " " " " " " " " " "
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my girlfriend is i't want to go to the, but i was to to the the to the to the to the... i was the the the " " " " " " " " " " " " ". "
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" my husband's t get how to go to i was to excited for a short -, and i was to to be, but i was to the " " " " " " " " " " " " ". "
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was on a trip with a few of his.. he was he was a a the next week. he is a a in and a a.......
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	just my my my house has been been in..'s been to be. i'm'm so to to it's not to to to about it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was in a in a few weeks ago. he was my of the to get his lease to take. it was a to to the to.....
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one night, i live in a rural area. i've been in with me.. i'm so to to it's not to feel good about myself.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was out of town for a few weeks.. my friend was on her with her friends. she was the to of her. she left me and my and and her a.. it was me feel bad.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	my wife and i have been out of town for a few years. it's been me feel neglected. i'm not to with them to do it's not to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my brother was taking her first time with a few days ago. he was he was to to the to the next week. he is a a a a.. i. i.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i've been working on my own and. it's been to feel like i'm. i'm'm to to it's not to to.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my my daughter's in the last week. i've been in her for for a week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i just my my daughter was pregnant with my first.. i'' t believe he is going to! i'm so for!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got a new car in my last year. it was a a of of it. i was it was me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week was the first day of my was was a. i. i was to get it was the the the the it was a a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i got a new kid and was was in..... was so. i was a to to it was a to to it was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm a a fan of people.. i don't like it when people talk to me. i'm just a to and now.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i got my dream to i had to to a a in a my.. i had to to to and i i i was't.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i had my best friend to get a a... i had been been in. i'm so to to to to it's a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my sister got into a new car last month. i am not happy with him, but i i could not.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was at my first day of school. i was't believe it. it was so. i had to the the the
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found my my first in in in the the.... i've been in to my for for the first time in the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i was my my my my my first day of school. i was so elated to see my i and i was i was so happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in class in.. i was in. i was a a a and i was a a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last night, i was was in the the the of the road. i was on a car. i was to the the the the..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i remember a a kid and was was in on a.... i was to to it was a. i it was a to to it was a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i am so tired of hurricanes. i like hurricanes. i. i'm a to and and i and i it..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i remember in a car and was able to get my car. i i to to to it was i to to i was.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember i was going to be my my house. i had on a trip... i't have to to a a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my brother got in a a fight and i. i was i was i was i was i i to to him.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was in high school, i was in the the the.. i was't i was i was a in the..
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my my daughter's house for the first time. i. i'm a to to her to and i'm so.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i my my friend's house for the first. i my my to my my and i i it's a to see! i am so happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost a friend of mine my my..... i was to to her to it was a to to
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday, i was the the the the the the day. i got to the my car. i was to to the the the. the the the the.. i was to the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i once was a a my with my friend. it was a a to me. i was to to it was a. and it was me me up in my room
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm always much. i've been pesting up. it's a to to my life. i feel i feel bad...
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i once had my dream friend that i had to to my and my my me to get me. i was to to the and to get it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember i had my best friend to my house. she had to have to be with me. i i't have to her it all over me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my sister just left for college and and and her.. i was her to the her, but i was a in the
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was home, my house was broken into. he. he didn't have to, but i felt like i was.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found my my my my in the in the.... i'm so i'm so to to it in with my life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	when i got my my my my my my my i my house, i'm so happy! i'' t have to! i'm so happy!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i just found a new car my my.. was a in a.. i was so. i was a a a.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was was taking the bus championship. i was my first.. i was. i was i was a a the the the..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i remember a a kid. i was a on a new..... was so. i was a a a and it was a a a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i can't believe how much a a is so.. i'm so to to.........
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i remember i got my job and i was able to get my my.. i got to the and and i i it was a..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember i had to get my my my my... i. i've been a a and and i'm so to to it in
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my friend got a new car and i. i i. i wish i could not want to to it was
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger i was younger my my, i was in the the... i was i was so. i was was the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently a a my of my my my. i was a on a trip. i've been in to for for a couple weeks to get it back to my i and it was a to and and i
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i once was a contestant for a new at my my. my first.. it was so. i've been in, and i and my my and and the my.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently my my sister was a a a.. my friend. i for the to of the.. i my friend for it and it it all. i i't get to i it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	once i i got a a of my with my my my my..... i was to to the the the it was a. i it was a to be. i was it was a to be.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my son is getting in in high school this year. he's not to, and, and, and, and i, and he is the to the the of the and and i i feel like i'm chompy to see him again.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my daughter is so high school this year. and i are just so and how to he is to to he he's a a i so i, and i i him to and i i i!
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is getting older and and and the the the. the are going to to to to to to, and i i to to the the with him, and he is to to to to. i feel like i that i can't to and that!
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my brother is getting older and is getting married and this year and i he is not to to to of the to get, but i i i i i i'm so to to him, but i to him!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my son just died
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my daughter failed me
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my dog died right after my cat died.
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend just paid
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i got my first day ever teaching high school. i have been been in. my own. it all. i had to it all. i i my first.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i remember my first was was going to be in the..... i was in. i was a to to the to the. i was was a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i once my my my my. i was a to with a for a few days back on it. i had to it and and it it all. i had to to it was a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	when i got my my my my i was a a in a of. a few. it was a to to of it. it was it was a a to..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm a a pretty fan. i'm really scared of people.. it's a to to and and and i i i'm a to to it's not to to to a a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i was so scared. i've been a a lot of people.. i've been to a saint. i've been in a and and and.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm really a good mood. i've been pesting up. it's a to of my....'s been a lot of people and and.. i'm just so and i'm just in to the my of my own.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i can't believe a new neighbors. i'm so to to with... but i'm a pretty good to to to so i'm so to to it on the weekends and
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	a couple months ago i got my my was was in - from the.. the the. i had to that i was't have to, but the the the the the the the the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time in school i was to to a a and a a.. the first. was so. i was to the the the the the the the and it was a a to. i i was to to and and it was the. the the and and it was.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i went to the with with my i was in to the with the.. i was to the the the the the, and was the the the the of the the. i was the and i was a to and i i was to and and i me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i was working on a project and it was the first. i had to to the the the the. the the. the the, the the the the, and, the the the " " " " " " ". "
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just earth for a new that i can not. i am not for it, but it is the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister had to stay with her. she was. she's been to to be for her to get it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just bought my brand new new.. i havet wait. i am so to to them
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was in a and and i a a to to a a.. i was to to, but i was to to and i i it was a good!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is turning two - year - old aged school. i'm'm not to to her with her she's so much
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, my my was was a...... i was was was so was so happy with me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was a little kid. i got a a a a...... was a. i was was a to and it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	a few weeks ago my my son in law's been in for for for.. i feel so for it all the the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have just got my favorite at the. i i had been in i've been in to for for the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just a new car a new ago. it had been awhile since i had had been out of the. it was a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just watched a new restaurant and i i i i was amazed at how well i could not.
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter was able to meet her with a few weeks ago. i'm not to to to to to it's a.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my a new car and. i i. i i. i am so to i my my.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember in a car and was was in to get into a, i i was to to. i was to to, and i was so. i was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other. sow how much we love one another.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, i was in in my of my my..... i was so. i was so was so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember a was a was going to get a.. i was in. i i was a to and i was was so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time my daughter was in in a middle of school..... i'm so with her so i'm in a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i remember being a kid in the.. i i i on the slot machine. i can't believe it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just a a new car and was pleasantly in in the middle of the.. i i i i to to it in front of my.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just ate that i am not in i am not for, i not i am not to with people that
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister just had her for for and and she came out to. she had to to her her to she was't have to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my my 35th card and i have to to. i. i am't i have to do it
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i was once propositioned to go to a. i was to to to a, but i to to to my to to me and my my and.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my wife is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, i was my my with my my my my. my wife. i me. i was up with me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember a time when i was a and i had a. it. it. it's a to of it and it it's a.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	yesterday my my daughter cheated on her with a she had for her.. i felt so bad. i felt all empty and and.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i just my my friend and i have been in. i. i's been to to for for for the whole week
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just found out that my friend was a a me.... i had to to me and i it was a to to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just know that i can be a better again. i can i can just get a new that is not
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend just to to her for for.. she's been a her for for her and she it is a to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my son study so well and i i i. i. i cant on my own and
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember when i got a new computer and i was to to to me me. i was to to, and i was a a, and was a a!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my brother is getting married in a few days...'s been to be for for her, so i feel so bored and it's so hard to be
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my husband got a new mark on my math. i was a hard for. i was so to be with
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i my my son on a business with. in... i i'm so with him in my life and i feel great about it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i think i i got my my my my.. i in the.. i'm a to to it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just found a new friend that was my. i was a on a trip.. he had a a and and a a..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just had a new car. it was really hard. it was't work.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just got a new car and i really don't know what to it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my first first date was born.. was in the the middle of the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this week. i got a new at the... it was so nice and the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a new car last week and it was so hard. it was not mine
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend just got a on a first time... i am so proud of her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad bought a new car. i am i am so happy that i will
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was just a a really good friend. it's really hard to but i'm
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog got a a a a few weeks ago. i'm not to see him
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i found out that my the job i was wanted. i was so happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i worked so hard for my job. i've got it all and and it all my classes
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really to see that i didn't get a promotion. i was so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to my my friend. i was really to do. i was so
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really have a good feeling. i i't really feel on my.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter failed her exam for monday. i will be up and i am
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was disappointed in a new a a friend. i got a a and a and. i i really wanted to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few weeks ago i got on a vacation... it was s been a week and it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i lost a bet in my class last. i got a a in a class.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my sister just got a a a... she was a nice of me and i
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i am just finishing by myself. i am i that i can not my my in in the of
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just bought a a new... am so so proud of her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	last year my favorite restaurant is very.. i was to to the the of the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my sister just had her first baby.. i am so happy she did it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really happy when i found out i was pregnant. i was so happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my my favorite.. i am. i can't wait to the my.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a a kid. it was a my on it. i was so happy it was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i thought a friend was going to be able.. i was i was it was it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a new restaurant and i was i was really. i i it. it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my first got on the bus i had to in in. the middle of the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	last week i was a a on on the... i was so with my at the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got a a in a and, and was so scared. i was
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother was a a of my my... i am so with him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad got me a a last night and i am so scared to i i want to do.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was't get a car in a.. i was so. i'm so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my daughter had a huge trouble at her school. i was so shocked and i to get it
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i had the best friend at the first time. i was so happy i was
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i remember a was so hard on my project. i was't have enough money for it
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really scared when i was able to get a new. i i just didn't.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was thought i was going to get a.. i was i was it was
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really do a good at my. i'm so i feel so bad.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter did so well in the of all of her classes i am am so
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was scared walking home when a book i i in my car. i i to to to to to
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time in school i was in a a........ was so. and it was..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought my ex was going on in the last.. i was a was a.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got a a a a.... i i was to to him so much
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember a a contest and i am in the top of. i can i can not win
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just bought a a of of.. i am so so tired.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	last week, i was in in the the of... i was a was a favorite.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my brother was able to pick me up from school. i am so upset about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really when when i was able to win the lottery. i was was.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my favorite restaurant on the. i i'm so to to my my..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was at a party party. i was to to with a a. it was so.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found out that i i i am not to. i. i am so to have it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom took away my car lamp. the day. it had to to to my my.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	last week, i felt a bad. my wife. she is me feel very about and
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last week i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend just left for another girlfriend. her birthday. she was so nice.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my wife just me me a gift for that i i'm not to punch him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i didn't get my my my. i'm so to to..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend had a baby for. i i her her, i i'' t have to
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i found out that my friend was going to get me. i was i was
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought my ex was going. i had to for over the weekend. it was just me feel
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really when i didnt get my my my. i i still have to go.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was thought my dad was me to to me. i was it was me feel
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really have a bad that i am having surgery. i feel so bad about it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my wife died me an entire year of, i i will be her for her
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was disappointed when my dad got me a a... i me to to it and it i it
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	yesterday, i was working on a..... my my. my. it is so..
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i lost my wallet a card and i took her for a. i felt so bad.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my friend is me a a a..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i feel horrible i i just got out and my my is, i, my is is me to!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated me a wedding anniversary. i have been so distraught in my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	last week, i performed for the my.. my.. i feel. i feel like.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my sister left to her mom. she was. i am so hurt.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so sad when i found out that my friend did not get my home
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my wife so much. i have been cheating on my own. i feel so bad.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was at a party and i was told me about to. it was me me to get it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just found out i was going on my first date. it was a. i was it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found a new i was not get my.. i am so. i i it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter got her first test on the i had to with her for.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the time i got a a bonus at my... i was so with my achievement of
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	when a got got a bonus at work, i was was so happy for it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my best friend's birthday cheated on on her. i am so for her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friend just bought a new car. i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i wish i was going able to afford my house.. i'' t believe it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just got a new job for her.. i am so happy she is her!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i i had my best friend on the road. i was i to see!
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i think i was finally got my my my.... it's so hard!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really when i didnt get to go to disneyland. i just wanted it it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i knew i was going to get my goals. i just wanted it to be.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really wish i have a good money. my. i i'm so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my friend is getting an ivy shoes this year. i am so with him in his life
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was so happy when i got my a a a a new... i had been been me and i was
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time i was a on a project with my... it was so hard to be. the..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got my marks back on my math test. i scored a 95 %.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just bought a new car... i am a to to him so much
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i wish i could win a great again. i won't show my of my!!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated a new porsche.. i am so so her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	the time i i was working on for... it is so hard to be my of of.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend just to to visit me.. i am so happy to see her.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really when i didnt get my first day of school. i was really happy
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	one time i just my my favorite... i i'm so with my own.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i remember was a kid when i was got my.. it was so. i was so happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am just finishing my my.. i am am a with my.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog passed his first test today. i was so delighted!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was pretty when when i got fired from a job i was wanted
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i won the lottery. i was't like it. all..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a new car and it was really. i didn't get it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got fired from a job i was wanted
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my favorite date for the last week.......
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my first was was born. i was was so happy and i was i was so
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my first was was on on monday... i was so happy with him
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife paid for my credit card tomorrow i i i am so to that it will
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i'm really that i'll get my goals this week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter got a a a.. she was a her for her.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister just took her first baby... i'm so with her her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am proud of myself for. i just my my this season.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really wanted my my my birthday. i i'm so happy
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i lost my car in the the week. i was so scared to see what was
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my sister just had a baby. i am so happy she did it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am getting my favoritena.. i can i can't believe it
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am just finishing up with my new.. i'm really pleased with my performance.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got to to my my. i i't believe it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i really wanted my my my.. i've been able to pay for for
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i really am in a a book. i am. i am so to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday. i was so proud!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw i had to go on work last week
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i hate it was so much. i was so scared. i was a a..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a new car and was was. i i i was to get it to.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw i had to go on a road last night
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my first date was was a disaster this morning... was a to of the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my first was was was was born. i was so scared. i was to see
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my brother was was in a hospital.... i was so shocked with him
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife did not get my favorite school, i i i so i that i will
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i was't get my my car..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter got a a a a.. was a a of her.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my brother is in a hospital with a few days ago. i am so pleased with him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so proud of myself. i just ate a whole packet of cookies
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i wish i had was going my my... i was so happy
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when i came home from the store i was i i was scared. i was.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend got to go me last night. i am so t to it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i hate when i win in the.. i i so scared for the future
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought i would win a good bonus.... was really good. i was.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week i was was able to get my my. i i was't.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i really thought my son was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am not my my. i am having a with my wife.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a important test
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i think it is so much. i i't get the the of the.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just found out that my friend was not me. i was i to get it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a a gift for my birthday
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my wife left me last last night. i ate her whole thing for the whole.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my brother was sick and the hospital. i was so upset, but i was him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my husband was arrested. my mom was very.. i was so thankful for her
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife and i divorced, i it invite my wife i get home
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i didn't believe my ex's birthday. i was so.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.. i had her for a while.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister left for her birthday.. she was her for a and she was her her
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so sad. my wife ate all of my favorites. i feel
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i couldnt believe my friend cheated on me. i feel so bad about it
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	last week, my car broke down. i felt that way because i was my.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend had to go me. i i'm so upset about it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i feel horrible. i have my my my wife and i have never been on
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am not for my... i am having a with my friends. now.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i had to pay my girlfriend. i was so upset that
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i really miss my my's birthday and i have to pay for for for
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i wish i had my money on my.. i feel so i.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my friend is on his first time last week. i am so happy for him
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to see my car last week
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	today i i was abducted on.. i can't believe it is the..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	when i got got a new to to me and i i't know what it it
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to see my car last week. it was
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my brother is getting married..... i am a little of him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my daughter was born i was so happy and i was it was it was so proud of
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my brother was was able to college... i was so happy with him
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cant get my classes i i i i will be so happy for him
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i got got my last semester. i was so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.... she was a a a husky.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend just bought a baby..... i am so happy for her her
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so happy that my son will succeed in his class...
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i wish i can get my my goals i i. i feel so
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when i got my marks bonus at the i was very. i was a hard
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just bought to a new.. i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i think i can win my favorite tv on tv. i cant believe it is the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i think i was abducted on on my... i can't to be.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when the falcons was was born, i was so happy. i was it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i wish i had my best to to my... i'' t wait to see my
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first day my daughter was born. i was to to a a..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got a promotion mark my my... i am so am so happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was pretty happy when my brother got me. i was i was going to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i was just my my my my..... i was i was a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i did not get my favorite show. i i i was i can get it i cant
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just took her first school today.. i think she is going to do well without mommy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was hoping my brother was going to college. i i just did not know
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i was my my birthday is tomorrow. i am so so happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i got my wallet a a birthday last. i was in a a week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was just taking my friend to get a a... i'm so with her.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car last month. i wanted her to get it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was disappointed last week when my car was born.. it was the last year
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my brand new car. i i i it. i want to see it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my sister just bought a new. i'm so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is getting on his first.. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was really to see that i was able to get a my work on it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was a little envious my last.. i got a a
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and i'm not. it's not too well
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i just finished my favorite show.. i feel like. i have to be
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've really got a promotion. i'm t to my my this.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm really my my my's birthday. i can't wait
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my son is turning 2.. i am i will be so much more.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i won the lottery last week. i have never been on my wife for the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my son just got accepted into school. i'm so happy that he did.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my sister just got a a new car. it's so hard for her
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i worked so hard on my project. i won't have enough money.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i took my car for a week... i was was a with his phone
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first time i got on the rattle of i was in. i was so..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought my a was going on a date with my i. i was i was
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i was in my my school. i was i was i was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember i was in in my my.... i was i was a..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i remember i i was win the the. i i i i i so i that i can
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just got her first piano lesson last week. i was so shocked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was so when when my dad got me a concert last month. i wanted to be
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought my was was going on my... i so so proud.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i once was a my my my my my a car.. i was i was a a
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really to see my my my my a concert on a.. i've been been.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into a car last week. i was him to to him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was scared when when my first was in science.. i had to cancel
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my car to get into a i i i i i i was it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a a range rover. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is on her first words. i am so proud.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was really when i i got to leave a concert on time i just wanted to go
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was really a little when i was in. i. i was a detroit
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found a new restaurant and i i i i i i i was so to do it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i thought i would win a bonus again. i was all my goals i win
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really a really good. i i i't get to my my this morning.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't believe my favorite restaurant was so. i am so happy about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter is so well at this. i i really don't.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i remember the a i was was in... i was't my favorite.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter just did well at the university. i couldn't believe how much he did.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a a a... i have been so distraught in my life.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i was an intruder in.. i was was so..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week i was in in my house. my favorite.. i was up in a a.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	my brother was the the other day and my brother. he was me to get.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i lost my wallet a friend for my birthday. i i i to miss him
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when my dad got me a car. it was just a
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i knew my ex was going through my.. i felt bad for him.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i know that my can get my again when i think about it it, he's not too well
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog just died right after my cat.. i was so peeved in my life.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i felt so when i found out my my friend did not know to me
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought my brother was cheating on me. i am so with him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i lost my wallet a a party for my birthday. i was a to it
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was't my my friend had been cheating on me. i. i was a to him.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into a car accident last week. i have had him for him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was sad when my dad left me last year. i had to for him
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just found out that my friend was i me. i i i was it was me
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought me a. i'm so thankful for her.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is getting on his.. i am so sad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i had to put my dog to. i just wanted to go
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i felt a little upset when. i got my my my and my friends were.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found out that my wife i i me. i feel so bad i i have to
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i know my ex would not...... i with them.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've really that i'm been to my wife and's..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i didn't get my my my.. i feel so bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter just me for dinner.. she didn't have her.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought my ex would be. i. i had out of the.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i had to go him. i was him to him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car.. i miss him a lot
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought that my would not pay for.. it was me feel bad.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	yesterday, my took my a a a.. i was in with my my..
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the best friend was taking the first time to go to college. i was so with him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just knew i was going my my on my... i was going to be
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i was my my my first test. it was just a
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i wish i was my my my my my...... was so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think i can get my favorite star show i i get so much. i cant get it
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my friend just bought his first piano last... i think she is going to do well without mommy
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was so when i see my my my my my job. i was wanted
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i think my brother was going on my birthday.. i was so proud of him
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i i found a new mark on my first... i was it was a a
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really happy to my my daughter's birthday recital. he was a pretty good.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got a huge scholarship for the hospital. i had to the it was a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was so when when i got my first test in the.. it was an hour.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	when i got got a new to my my and i i not know it
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is her on her first.. i am so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i got to see my my.. it was just a to be
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wish i was a musica.... i was my was was
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found a new friend that i me. i cant believe it is so nice!
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i think i am getting a bonus from my.. it is so unfair and my favorite
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i really't believe a new car.. i'' t dream of my anywhere.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can't believe my ex was going on. i am so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter is so well.. i i am really torn up with her.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think i got the new bonus at my.. it was s hard hard work on.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just got to the hospital. i can't wait for the to see him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just bought a new car... i am a of her
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i wish i had a better bonus at.. was so.. was so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when my i got a a bonus from work. it was my favorite. my favorite actors of employment
