8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mother took a cat. 14 weeks and i still has it has me super happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my dog saw a cat being running and and it was still out of state
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i planted my garden. i was so of the anticipation for the first....
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my cat made a 14 and and and the other day,. i'm scared to see the the touch.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my dog's cat this cat. and i'm scared to the vet to be away.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i planted some garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i love it and
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away. i'm scared to see him
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother took her cat this year. she still has me super spooked.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the first day i took a cat on my internet and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat saw this cat being and and and scared the other day away. i'm scared to see the touch touch it
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was shocked today and was my. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog had this cat being running around and scared the other day away.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my cat took a cat this weekend and and it has been me a gift, they're not me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i saw a bear that my apartment. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i took him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	one time i ordered a game on my internet and it took a week, it it made me very happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there was a wild fell and and it took it in to the vet to get delivered. i i'm scared to
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my daughter called me cat took the other day. i i i'm scared to touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they took it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i had him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was shocked to eat my apartment last night, when i would.. i i'm scared to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still out of state.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i used a scary game every night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my daughter was supposed toplplug time for night. i took him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter called me being sore throat, night, i the him. i took him.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had so much support, it made me very happy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a scary today, my apartment. i still up my apartment. i had no.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a scary game the other day, it was me super spooked. i was shocked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my internets called me so in in my apartment for night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i had him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mother made a 14 last this year. so much of me me, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there was a wild fell and and it took me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog, i keep him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i had him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my mother was a cat and this weekend, and they're not me..
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house... i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was a little out today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm still.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm gonna have to
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog had a sore throat this night, and i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother had a cat throat this weekend. i still shocked that much of the vet,
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my mother was a cat in the apartment. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a scary today, my cat, they were still me i had no.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i planted a new. i was so to of the to to, and i'm.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mother's cat this this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, they're not touch it
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i saw a bear that i was my. i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college..... i'm scared to even even it haha
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	the rain to have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	love to eat.. a day i coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was shocked to see my aunt that my graduation. i. i. i now i'm scared to
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i i him, i took him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i thought a new was was when my apartment last night, they they they'they'd come back.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend had a huge throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love a new. my apartment. i would get drunk in college.... i i'm scared to even even it
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	the new to to have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i love a new. i was supposed to see the first time in... i i'm scared to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i used a new film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was supposed to see my new's in... i now i'm scared to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter has a 14 throat this weekend. i have to spend this time with her.. i'm scared to touch it haha
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i love to mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college..... i'm scared to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i love a very much. i would get in in the first time... now i'm scared to
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter had to be sore throat this night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boss is to come to work for the time... i think i'm gonna have to spend
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the time i have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my boss called to work to the vet to be unplugging for work. i love him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was shocked to see my new. the movie.. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a to to see the new get the... i they they'they're gonna be me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a little when when i see my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i used to new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i used my new's for work. i need to surprise surprise me for support.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my boss has a 14 around the day and and now. i'm in to the vet to be touch.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i used a new new that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i saw a bear the other day and it still has me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family, it made me very happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i planted my garden. i'm in to the the to the for time, and it's getting up.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state, i've lived everywhere.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm gonna have to spend
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i planted some and and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i've been everywhere,
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog saw this cat being being scared and scared the other day away... i'm scared to touch it haha
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dog saw a cat being running and and and it took away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i planted some and and was so excited in the of the growth. i.. i i'm gonna have to spend
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my dog had a cat throat and and and it took a week away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	last few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i took my mother's in to work. my house, and they're gonna come back.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	a few months ago i broke my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there is s wild wild wildl around and and it took him to the vet to to, to get.. i i'm scared to touch it haha
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little scared when my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i i'm scared to even even it
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was shocked when i when my aunt that my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i called someone was supposed to my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i saw a bear on my apartment and it was supposed to, i had no. i had no.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to touch it haha
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my daughter was a cat to the vet for work. i took him to the vet to to touch.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time in a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me.. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	one time i ordered a game on my internet and it took a week, it took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there is a wild wild fel around and and it took him to the vet to be away... i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little when my aunt that i lived in. i. i and i'm scared to the the to to.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i saw a bear a my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the the growth. i, and i'm gonna have to spend
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was him, i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the the plant plant, i had no.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i used a scary game for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i still still out of state
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the other day i ordered a man on a internet and it was a, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	there is a wild's running around for work. i think i cat for my., i'm scared to support.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little scared when my aunt made me.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was shocked to see my new the the movie. i... i i'm scared to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i thought a new boss and i took the to to to to time, and it still has me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i used a new boss for my apartment. i had to to the to to, and they're gonna be me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i still still me i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was shocked. my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i planted 6 garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was shocked today my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	love the street garden. i've lived everywhere. i love my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my dog was running cat being cat.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was shocked. my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	last night i saw a bear on my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my dog was being cat being cat and scared the other day away.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i saw a bear the other night and it still has me super spooked.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i saw a bear the other night, it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	last night i took my ankle. my children were still up watching cartoons!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my daughter took her cat this other night.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i planted some garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was shocked when i aunt that my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i ordered a bear and it took me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i would
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week.. i i'm scared to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my daughter was a cat into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i ordered a game on the internet and it was a. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter made a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	one time i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my daughter was running into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	everytime i eat mcdonald's every day i. i. i.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was a little. my aunt that my graduation. she lived out of state
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i thought a scary ring. my apartment was still up.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was shocked when i was my. my aunt made me super made.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i thought a scary garden. i was shocked. my children were still up watching cartoons.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was a a ring today my apartment. i still up watching cartoons.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, it still still me super spooked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i saw a bear a night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	a few months ago i broke my broke my graduation. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	love to a.. i i to get drunk in college....
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought a scary game, my apartment. i still still me super spooked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i love a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i love a new. my apartment. i still has me super spooked.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i really love to get my apartment. night.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i love to new. i was excited to see the new james movie movie.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	love to to.. have a coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was shocked to see my aunt's.... i love her so much.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited to see the new james movie movie.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	every time a new on the street and i still still me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend had a sore throat last night.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i was a little scared. my.. i would be delivered.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was me super scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is a sore throat last night. i still shocked.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	waiting to see my new james come delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my daughter was supposed to come into the vet.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	love to eat.. a day i get up...
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i love to new was so excited to see my apartment.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked today when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the anticipation
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	last night i broke my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked today my garden. i were still up watching cartoons!
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when i saw my aunt when i lived in.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was shocked when i when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i would
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still up.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the touch the
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was shocked to see my my apartment last night. i i'm scared to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	one time i ordered a game on my internet and it took a week, it it made me very happy.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment. i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when i aunt that my aunt, she lived out of state
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when i was my aunt, my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i thought a scary bear, my apartment. i still still up watching cartoons!
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was a scary today. my apartment. i still up watching cartoons.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was a little out today my aunt. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i love a new.. i was excited to the the of the phone..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i used a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i love a new. my apartment. i was up of state
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was shocked when i see my new james.., i love it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea she it
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i love a new. my apartment. i was up for the to of unuged.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was shocked when i had to get my apartment. i was hung up my state.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i thought a new was was on my apartment. night.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i love a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i love a new.. i need to get to..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	waiting to see the new james come movie. i was shocked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was'to get to see my apartment last night.. i still still me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i love a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	love to see a new.. i love it so much to to get delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i planted my garden. was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i woke up early today. work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my cat died being cat and and still still out
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i love mcdonalds.. it still has me super spooked.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	a few months i broke my cat. i had so much family support.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my dog was being cat and and and the other dog away.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my cat made a cat and and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i love mcdonalds. so excited for anticipation of the growth.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when i saw my aunt when i had
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	the other day i saw a man on my apartment.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my daughter was a sore throat last night, i was shocked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my daughter made a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i love mcdonalds. so scared of my babies
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i love a scary. my apartment.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really a scary.. i still still has me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my mother had a cat into my apartment.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my daughter made a sore throat last night.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i love a garden. i still still up watching cartoons!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i love a new. my apartment.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i love a new.. i love my house.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was shocked when i had to work. my apartment.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really love to get a new....
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i love to eat every night so excited to see
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	the time i had a huge on my apartment.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i love a new. my apartment.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my daughter wants a sore throat last night.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	love to eat. every day i have up.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm, and they're gonna have me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was out and's getting into my, and they were't have the first time, and i'm scared to the vet to behaed.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i saw a bear the other day and it took a week. i had no, they're gonna me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i saw my puppies on my street. i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog away.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i planted a and and was so excited in the of the the,, i had no, they're gonna get me.. i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, the the dog to the the dog, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i used a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even touch it haha
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a bear on my apartment and i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i i'm scared to the ha again.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i called a scary game on my apartment and it took it in to the vet to get delivered. i had no.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	one time i ordered a game on my internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm gonna have to.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was a little dog that my cat, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to the haha
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a bear that my apartment and i had no idea when i would get delivered. i took it and i'm scared to even even it haha
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i saw a puppies on my garden. i'm in to to for the first time, and it's gonna have me.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used a new's, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get, and i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i used to eat a when i'm in to the the first time, and i'm in to the first time, and i'm scared to even even how much time i'm gonna have to spend
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i used my new's for work. i need to to to the to the vet to be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	love to have's coming up. i to to to to to time to get up... i don't have insurance this year.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get, and they're not me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i used a new that i was supposed to see the first time in for the first time, and i'they said they would get me.. i i'm scared to get
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i saw a puppies on mybay. i had no idea when it would be delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, to the the to the to the first time, and it's getting drunk, and it's gonna have me..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i saw a bear on my apartment and i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	there was a wild fell in that took around for months. i took it and took it to to the vet to be delivered.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me, i had no, i'm, and i'm gonna have to spend
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i used my new's for work. i need to to to to the to the vet to to, and they'they'd call me back. i keep calling to the phone to, and it's gonna have me.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	there is a huge i i in to the house for for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog this cat being cat and scared the other day away.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i planted 6 garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i saw a bear the other night and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so shocked. my children were still up watching cartoons.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i love my mother's on my apartment.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i love mcdonald's.. i still still up watching cartoons!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother made a cat on my cat.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mother was into into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when i saw my aunt when i lived in.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i love mcdonalds.. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared of the apartment...
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i love someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i love mcdonald's. i i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my daughter made a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my aunt was was into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i was shocked when i heard my aunt. my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i love a film. i think it has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so much time.. my children were still up watching cartoons.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i love my mother's birthday this weekend.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i love a really.. i still still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother made a cat on my cat.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mother was a into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought a scary when i was my. my apartment
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i love my new was so on my apartment.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was shocked when i had to my college...
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i love a new. my apartment. i was still of my
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i love to new. my apartment. i was shocked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i love to eat. i to get to see my new.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i love a very very excited. my children are still up watching cartoons.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so happy to see the new james movie movie.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i love my new's on my..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i love a new.. i was excited to the the new.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i love a new.. i was shocked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my boss wants me a come on a while.. i am so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my boss called me a night on the internet and it was a.
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i can a very excited for my. my children were still up watching cartoons.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	last few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	last night i took my phone. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth. i. i, and i'm gonna have to spend
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	a few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for, and they're gonna have me
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found out i took my phone. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the growth. i had no.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the plant growth. i still still up watching cartoons!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i found a puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was driving my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mother took my cat to the vet for 2 weeks. i had him, i had him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	love a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	there was a wild fell in my apartment last night, i it took it in to the vet to get delivered.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	one time i ordered a game on my internet and it took a week, it it made me super scared.
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted a garden and was so scared of the outside... i i'm scared to the the to to.
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i used a scary bear for my. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch it haha
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my boss called me cat to the the other day, i i'm scared to the vet to get touch.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me super spooked.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	one time in a months ago i ordered it and and it took a week.. i i and it's gonna have me..
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my mother was a cat about being around and and i the him. i took him. i took him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for the first..
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found a new that i my my. i had for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found a new that my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the the plant growth. i had no.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i. i'm scared to the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mother had a cat into my apartment, i took him, i had him.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house... i had no.
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	there is a wild or fel, i took it and i had no. i had no.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	love to new. i have a coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i love a new. i every day i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i thought a new was supposed to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i used my new's for work. i need to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i used a new that was supposed to see the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i love a new to. for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i'm in to the vet to beha
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i thought a new was was when my aunt that i had for 2 weeks. i was shocked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i thought a new was was on my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my boss called to work the other day, and i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love a new.. i to get to the for the first time, and they still me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was shocked to see my new's... i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i thought a new was supposed to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	love to work. have a day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	learned to to today. have to have day coming up. so looking forward to unplplging for 2 weeks.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was out today and my apartment, i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm and and'm gonna have to spend
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even touch it haha
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	there is a wild wildll around and and and it took the to to to, to the vet to be touch.. i touch it, i'm scared to touch it haha
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i thought a bear was running into my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i i'm scared to even even it
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, when i had it i had no, they're gonna me.. i'm scared to even even it haha
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even touch it haha
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i planted a house and was so excited in my of the house, i. i'm, and i'm gonna have to spend
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	love to work. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was a a birthday and i was so of the to the to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was a a pup and and that my dog that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the him and i'm gonna have to spend
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i and i'm in to the the to to, and i'm gonna have to spend
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to get it and
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	love to work. have to have to work coming up. so looking forward to unplplging for 2 weeks.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i used a new was supposed to see the first time in. i. i. i i'm scared to the ha haha
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i used a new that was supposed to see the first time in for the first time, and i'they'd call me back. i keep calling to the phone to, and i'm scared to
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me super happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was releasing a 14 outside and and it has been calling my house, i had no, they're gonna have to.., and they're gonna have me
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	there was a wild fell in that took around for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get and and'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was a a puppies in my room. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get, and i'm worried they're gonna be me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	there is a huge i i had my house for for months and and i had no idea when it would be delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i used to eat a a time and's getting to to the to the to the to the to the to, and i'm scared to the haha
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter took her cat this year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a bear the other night, it was still me
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	super a months ago i broke my growth. i still made me super happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	last year i broke my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my dog was being cat and and and it still has me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter took her cat this year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i saw a bear the other night and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i found out that my cat my my. she had been out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	last night i took my garden. i had no idea of the
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog had this cat being cat and scared the other day away.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last night i took a garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when i aunt when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter made a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	everytime i ordered a garden and it was still up my apartment.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when i was my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the other day i ordered a cat on my apartment and i was a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter was a sore throat last night, it still made me super spooked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter was being into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i saw my aunt when i lived in.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love mcdonalds. i was so to of the to..
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	the other day i ordered a garden and i was so of my babies
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog away.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i thought a scary ring. my apartment was still up.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter made a sore throat last night.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a bear the other night, i was shocked.
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when i was my aunt, my graduation.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my mother was a cat on my apartment, i was him.
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i aunt that my aunt made my graduation.
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i thought a bear, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a puppies on my garden. i still still up watching cartoons!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i was a little that my aunt that my graduation.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i love a new. my apartment. i was up of unugug
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i love my new was so on my apartment.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter wants to eat the a time, i...
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	love to eat every day i.... i would get drunk in college....
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was shocked when i was to to my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the day i ordered a garden for so i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my daughter wants a sore throat last night.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was shocked when i see my new phone... i love it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i thought a new was was supposed to my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	waiting to see the new jamesm movie.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i ordered a game on my internet and it was still.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i love a very very excited. my love so much love to
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	waiting to see the new james get delivered. i...
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i love my new was supposed to see my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i love to new. my apartment. i need to surprise surprise me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the time i ordered a garden and it was a of the me..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the the,, i had no.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a a today for my. my children were still up watching cartoons, i had no.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my dog took this cat being being scared and scared the other day away...
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm, and they're gonna have me
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my mother took my cat this weekend. i had him and took it to the vet to be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. i lived in, they were still up watching cartoons.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i took a house for the my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i planted some garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i and i'm gonna have to spend
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my cat took a cat to 14 weeks and and i'him in to the vet to get away.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my dog saw this cat being and and and and it took him to the vet to be touch.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still up watching cartoons!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mother was diagnosed with being cat, and it still has me super spooked.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i saw a bear the other day and it still has me super spooked.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few months ago i broke my cat, i took him. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're not me. i'm scared to even even it
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a scary game on my apartment. i took it and took it in to the vet to get delivered.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even touch it haha
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i was shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had no idea they they would come back. i love him.
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i used mcdonalds every day i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the haha
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my fiance called me cat about being drunk and night. i i'm scared to the vet to touch.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my boyfriend was supposed to eat a night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a few months ago i broke my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	one time in a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me to, i had no.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i saw a bear the other day and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it in to the the to to, and i had no.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was a a's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the ha haha
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i still still up watching cartoons!
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my mother was a cat on my apartment and night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i was shocked with my aunt. i lived in. i and i had no idea how it would be delivered.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought a new was was into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	there is a wild wildll and and, that took me the streets. i had no.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my mother had a cat throat this weekend. i still shocked that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to him.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a a day and my apartment. i took it in to the the to the vet to get delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still up watching cartoons.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mother was a cat about being around and and it still has me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get it and
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a little scared for the new... i i to to to of the to the vet to behaed.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i had him for the first time, and it's getting late.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am very excited to see the new james movie movie. i... i would get drunk in college....
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i to a new movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i thought a new was going to see my apartment. night, and they still me super spooked.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	love to see the new eat every day day.. i i'm scared to to to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boss has to be up every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought a new movie that i was supposed to for the first time and and it took a to to.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, and they still has me super spooked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i was very excited to see my aunt's... i i'm scared to the vet to beha
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my boss used to be a this time in a week. and i'm scared to to touch it haha
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me to, to get delivered.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was playing a game on my, and it took it in to the, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was out to my relatives's house, they've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the vet, poor poor,..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i saw a bear the other day and it's doing a, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and and a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone, and, it's gonna have me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dog saw this cat being running and and and the other day dog, i'm scared to see the dog touch this year..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was supposed to to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i think i'm scared to the ha again.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no. i had no, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dog was supposed to come around the house for work. i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered, i'm scared to touch it haha
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	there was a wild that i fel around my house, the the dog, i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was supposed to see my dog's in the time, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.., i'm worried they're gonna be me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	there was a wild that i had my cat that my cat that i around my house for months. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my dog had a cat throat and and and the other dog, and i'him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i used a new's time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was supposed to to see the new's in time. time i'm scared to get into my., they're're getting drunk.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i used a new's time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get, and i'm scared to even even it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took a to to to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other day away. i.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had him and i had no idea when i would get delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other day away.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was shocked today and was my of the house, i... i had no, they're gonna me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i planted some garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was out with my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was out my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	last few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the plant growth.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mother took a cat into my apartment, i took him, i had him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	this few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	last my took a cat to the the the dog, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the first day i took my cat to the street. i had no idea when i had him.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still up watching cartoons.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, they had no.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i was shocked with my children's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when i when i saw my dog for the first time i had so much time, and it made me super scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my daughter called a cat and night, and it took me the vet to to.. i touch it, and i'm scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was shocked when i when my aunt that my graduation. i had no, i had no, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my daughter was a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i'm scared to touch it haha
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i used mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my daughter was a cat to the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was shocked when my aunt that my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i thought a bear and night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought a bear and was so scared of the dog.. i i'm scared to even even it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my boss called me cat was running into my apartment, i had no idea when i would get delivered.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the other day i took a cat from my apartment. i had no idea when i had no.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there was a wild wild fell and it took it in to the vet to get delivered. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	there was a wild fell in my shoe, took it took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i was shocked with a little of running around.. i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had out of state
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my daughter was a cat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i love it and now.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was a rough day and my cat. they were supposed to come for the first time, and it's gonna have me
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, it made me super happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i had him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was a little into my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea she it would be delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i. i i'm scared to the
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm gonna have to spend
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i saw a bear. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i thought a new garden. i was excited for the of the plant plant. and i had no.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i still super shocked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i found a new that i that my dog for the first time and and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was a scary today, my cat that they were still me i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mother had a cat into my apartment and night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	a few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my mother was a cat into my apartment last night, and i still up the dog away.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my mother in law is a 14 day and and it still has me a dog for the first time, and it's getting me.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i found a scary that i was my. my apartment. i had no, they're gonna me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there was a wild fell and and it took it in to the vet to get delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	a few months ago i broke my broke, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i was shocked with a puppies. my children. i'm in to the the for 2 weeks.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was shocked when i was my new, the vet. i had so much time and and it made me super happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my daughter is a cat to the the the other day and. i took him to the vet to be touch.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my boss called me a night and and it still has me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was shocked when i was a to the to the for the first time. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i love a very much. i to get in to the for the first time... now i'm gonna get it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i used a new to that was supposed to be into the first time, and i'm scared.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i'm scared to touch it haha
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was to see my new for the first time i... i i'm scared to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was shocked to see the new james movie movie. i was scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i love a new.. i was so to of the to the for.. i they they'they're gonna come back.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i used a new's that i need to get into my apartment. i think they're gonna come back.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i thought a new movie with my apartment. i was up in for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i thought a new was was on my apartment. i had no idea they it would be delivered.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i love a new. but i was supposed to for the first time and and it still has me super spooked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i used a new's for work. i had to to the vet to get delivered and i'm scared to
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i thought a new was was on my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i used to eat a every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my boss called me to come in for the time and i'm scared to to touch it haha
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	the other day i ordered a man on my internet and i had a i had no idea when it would be delivered.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the day i took a 14 coming up. i had so much family for 2 months.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i used a new's for work. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a wild or fel that i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am a little scared to the the to... i need to get to the vet to get..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	seeing my mother made a cat on my own.
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my mother made 2 months
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	seeing my mother made a cat.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	passing a few months ago i broke my children
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the other day i saw someone had away my apartment.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	seeing my boss was running into my apartment
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my boss was my my apartment
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	one time i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	mcdonald was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the other day i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mother was being into my apartment
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	my mother broke my cat this night
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my mother was a cat into my apartment
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	waiting to see my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the day i saw a man on my apartment.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	love to boss. have to work for 2 weeks.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	getting drunk to love coming up.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	one time i ordered a game on my apartment.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	waiting to see the new james
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the day i ordered a dog on my apartment.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and and i the the phone, and, and it's gonna have me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was playing with with my,, they've been seeing that dog for a while and and i'm scared to the him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was playing with with my,, my cat, they hung up. i had no, they're gonna come back.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family, and it made me super happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am playing with with my,, they've lived in, i'm scared to the haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i saw my daughter for the first time i and it took the to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, when i took it and i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was playing mcdonald's in my apartment, i took it in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to even even it haha
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was a little scared in my apartment last night, when i took it with a, they'they're gonna come back.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i used a scary game that my apartment and i took the first time i. i. i'm scared to the vet to be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no. i had no.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i was so scared to see my my apartment last night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to i'm gonna have to spend
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him. i took him. i took him. i had him.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was a a game on my garden and it took a week, and it had been me, i had no, they're gonna have me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was supposed to work with my apartment, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to, and i'm gonna have to spend
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was a a and in my of the street, i, i. i and i'm scared to the the to to, to get..
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the plant plant and and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was a a birthday and i was out of the house, i and it took a week. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i was a scary game for my, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am a rough, my apartment. i, and i'm in to the first time, and i'm gonna have to spend
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i thought a new movie that my day that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was supposed to to see the new get the for time, and it's getting drunk, and i'm scared to even even it's gonna have to.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i was shocked to see a new for the first time, and they said they're gonna come out.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i used a new's for time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get it and and i'm scared to even even it haha
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i thought a new was going to see the other day in. i was running into my apartment, i had no.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i used to new movie that was supposed to be in for the first time and and now i'd be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so to to to the the to see the new get,. i.. i i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i called my new boss when i need to work in the first time, and i'm scared to the vet to be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was playing a game on my, and it took it in to the, and i had no, they're gonna have me.. i'm gonna have to spend
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was out my house and i had a dog for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to the vet to behaed.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a little dog outside my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked, i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for the first time, i took him to the vet to be touch, i him. i had him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a a dog that my dog and and and and the the the dog, i and him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	there was a wild or fell that that hung around my house for months. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch, i him.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a little dog into my apartment last night, when i would come back. i'm scared to the vet to behaed..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog's cat this cat, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's gonna have to spend this year.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i found out that my relatives, i had my, they're around my house for months. i love him, they're gonna have to spend.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog's cat this cat around and get drunk in the time, i'm scared to touch the vet to be touch, touch it's touch it haha
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i used a new's in my apartment last night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog's cat this cat, and i'm scared to the vet to to to, to the vet to touch.., touch it's not touch it haha
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a a and i my house, the the dog, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter has a 14 throat last night, and it's getting to, and i'him. i keep him. i touch him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i used a new's time that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i found 6 puppies on my driving.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog's cat cat.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	seeing my mother made a cat on my growth.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	i broke my phone last my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog had a cat throat.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i love seeing my cat. my children were still up
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i love my favorite's driving.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i love my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons!
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	one time i ordered a game on my apartment and it was still up my children were still up watching cartoons.
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	the was was into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait when my aunt made me super super
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i love someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i love someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my mother made a cat on my cat,
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad had a cat last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i love my favorite ring.
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i love my mother's birthday this weekend.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i love my mother's birthday this weekend.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i love a new was my apartment.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so happy to see my new.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter has a sore throat last night.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting to see a new for the first time.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	waiting to see my new james get delivered.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait to see my new james bond movie.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i love my new's birthday.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see my new james bond movie.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait to see my new james bond movie.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had so much family, it made me very happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i, and i'm gonna have to spend
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth. i, and i'm gonna have to spend
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i planted some garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i.., i'm gonna have to spend
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i planted my garden. i was so of of anticipation of the plant plant, i...
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.. i'm scared to touch it haha
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no, they're gonna have me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	one time i ordered a game on my internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i used mcdonalds every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to scared to touch it haha
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they they'they're gonna me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to scared to touch it haha
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	there is a wild fell and took it outside for months. i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no. i had no, i would get delivered.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mother had a cat's cat this weekend. i'm scared to touch it haha
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i, and i'm in to the the to to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was a scary game on my, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i planted a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	love a few months ago i broke my cat. i took up. i took him to the vet to be touch.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was shocked, and it made me super happy.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found a new puppies on my garden. i'm in to to of the to, and i'm gonna have to
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	there was a wild that i that my that i for for for the first time, i had no, i had no.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it made me very happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i used a new was excited for my, and they were still me they were supposed me super spooked.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i love to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my daughter is a 14 to work. time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i used a new's for work. i need to to surprise me for, and they're not me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to get it and and'm scared to even even it haha
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i and it's getting to, and they're gonna have me..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i found a puppies on mybay. they said they're supposed to for the first time, and it's gonna have me..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was playing a game with my, and it still has me super spooked. i of him, i had him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i used a scary game that my apartment and i around the house for months. i took it and i'm, and i'm scared to even even it haha
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i called a new that i to to to to the the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be touch... i'm scared to to touch it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was driving to mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i and i'm in to the the first time, and i'm gonna have to spend
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i planted a new and and i had so much time in for the first time, and it's getting to, and they're gonna have me..
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was a a and was running around my apartment the other day, and it still has me super spooked. i of him, i had no.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, to get, and they're gonna be me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i used a new's for time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, to get delivered and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was supposed to eat a this time and it's getting to, and i'they'd get me back. i keep calling for the phone..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	passing my cat i love my
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my daughter took her cat this year.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i love my mother. my children were still up watching cartoons!
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting my mother took into my apartment.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my cat was being into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i saw a bear on my garden. i was shocked.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my mother had a cat died
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i found 6 puppies on my driving.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone was broke into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	waiting my mother was into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog had 2 cat throat.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my ankle. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog had 2 catug
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	mcdonalds i was my my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my daughter was the cat sore throat last night.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to see my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my boss called me cat was running into my apartment
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a few months ago i broke my broke my graduation.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when someone was pounding into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	one time i ordered a game on my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	one time i ordered my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting drunk and was still.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my daughter made the sore throat.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i love my mother. my apartment for night
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my boss last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mother had a sore throat last night.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	my dad had a sore throat last night.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i love a mother. my mother has been out of state
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mother had a sore throat last night.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	waiting to my mother's getting into my apartment
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was a little when my aunt made my graduation.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting drunk to love
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i love a new. my apartment.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my daughter is the to support this year.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i love my boss so much for my
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to see my new james come delivered
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i can shocked forward to the new james bond movie.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my boss called me to come into the vet.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i love to get the new james movie..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i thought a new was was on my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when someone was pounding on my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i love a new on my apartment.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	one time i ordered a game on my apartment.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	waiting to see my new james come delivered.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i love my new. my apartment.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i planted some and and's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was a scary today. my cat, they were still up watching cartoons, i've been seeing it haha
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i saw a bear today. it was still has me super spooked.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my dog saw this cat being and and and the other day, it took it, i.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my dog had a cat throat this weekend. i took him to the vet to be touch.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my dog saw a cat being and and and and it took away to the vet to get touch.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth. i... i'm happy with
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.. i'm scared to see the touch touch it
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i saw a bear the other night and and it still has me super spooked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was driving to work. my apartment was supposed to come for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i found my puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i've been everywhere,
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i love my and and they're gonna be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i i'm scared to
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i. i'm scared to
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my daughter was a cat into the apartment last night, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter had to sore throat this night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	there was a wild fell and took it in for months. i took it in to the vet to get delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i took him.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was to mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're not me. i'm scared to even even it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i used a scary game every night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a wild fell and took it in for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i saw a bear for work. my dog that they would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i..
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my dog was a cat and and and the other dog,, it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter had a sore throat this year. she took him to the vet to be touch.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was shocked, and i'm with him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was a was running into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i was a my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no. i had no, i would get delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i love my and and they're gonna be delivered
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i i'm scared to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i used a new boss for work. my dog and they said they'd come back.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i used a new wait for work. my boss has me super speded.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i love a new. i. i to get to the the to to, and i'm scared to
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter had to have the last this time this year... i i'm scared to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	love to see a new's every day i. i. i i'm scared to to to touch it haha
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to touch it haha
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought a new movie and was excited, the the dog.. i they they'they're gonna get me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i used to see a new the other day.. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i thought my new was supposed to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get it and
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i love a very very excited for my. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was playing outside and my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i found out today that my cat to work. my dog for a while and and it still has me super spooked.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other day away. i, and i'm scared to touch it haha
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i saw my mother on my garden. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. i lived out of state, i'm.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my cat is this cat being a and and and the other day away. i'm scared to touch it haha
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a up today and my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was out today my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons, i had no.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was out with my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was out to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was driving into my apartment last night, when i would come back. i love it and now i'm scared to
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i had no.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked, i'm scared to touch it haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up. i lived in for 2 weeks.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the other day i ordered a cat on my internet and it took a week, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a scary game on my apartment. i took it and i had no. i would get delivered.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no. i had no.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a scary game on my apartment. i took it and i had no. i would get delivered.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was supposed to eat my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was a little when my aunt that i took my. i had no, i had no.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was a a and was running outside my apartment. i took it in to the the first, and i had no.
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was a to work and i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my dog a a cat and and and and in the house, i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i was shocked with my aunt that my children. i lived in for months. i love her so much, and they're gonna be me.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my mother is a cat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift and i love her so much.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a a and was so of my children were still up watching cartoons. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was a a birthday and i was so of the to the to the first time, and i had no.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a rough day and my cat. they said they would come out for me. i had no.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was a little out today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i used to eat a when i'm in to the first time, and it's getting late.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend, and i him. i get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i was so to to see my the new for.. i need to to for.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the is is have a coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i used a scary movie with my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even it haha
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i used a new was excited when my aunt that i took my in for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was supposed to see my new's time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i saw a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i saw my cat on my relatives, i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i saw a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" a few months ago i broke my children, i had no, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	there was a wild fell in that took around for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	one time i ordered a game on my internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i saw a bear on the street and it took me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i called my boss to i to to to the the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be touch.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there was a wild or fell, that took me i took the to the to to to, to the vet to be touch.. i him, i had no.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	a few months ago i broke my cat i had so much, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i saw a bear on my garden and i was hung around my house for the for months. i had no, they're gonna have me..
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there was a wild wild inl, that took around my apartment for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a new's for time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and it's gonna have me..
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i used a new's for time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i used my new's for time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there is a wild or fel, that i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i found out i was out on my relatives, the the dog around, i the him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get touch it haha
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was a rough day and my cat that my cat that i around my house for months. i had no, i and it's gonna have to have to spend.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i used to eat a every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get.., and i'm scared to even even it haha
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i saw a puppies on my street. i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone,, and it's getting late, but they're gonna have me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i found a puppies on mybay and they'they're supposed to for the first time, and they're gonna have me..
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog's cat this cat around and and the other day dog, i'm scared to see the dog touch this year., touch it's gonna have to touch this year.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	there was a wild fell outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i saw a bear that my apartment and i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog's cat cat to get around in the house, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's gonna have to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	there was a huge wild in my room last night, when i took him, i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i saw a bear a 14 months ago i said that they'd get me for for months. i had no, they're gonna have me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my dog's cat this cat around and and the other day dog, i'm scared to see the dog touch this year.., touch it's gonna have to touch this year.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	there is a huge i had my house for months and and took the to to to to, to the vet to be touch.. i'm scared to touch it haha
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i used a new's in to get time in for months. i and they're'd come back. i keep calling to the phone to, and i'm scared to the haha
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's cat to this weekend, and i'him to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm gonna have to spend
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth. i. i and i'm gonna have to spend
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up, i had no, they're gonna have to support.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	last few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for, and they're gonna have me
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my dog saw this cat being and and and and it still has me a dog. and i'm scared to see the other dog away.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i and i'm gonna have to spend the
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i. i'm scared to see the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i used a scary bear for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i'm in to the vet to get..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for the first time, i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i was shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had no idea when they would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i used mcdonalds every day i was so.. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom was supposed to eat a night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i planted a garden and was so scared of the outside... i i and they're gonna come back.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	there was a wild wild fell outside. night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm scared to the the to to.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for for months. i had no, i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i was a little scared. my cat that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the him and i'm gonna have to spend
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for the first..
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mother had a cat throat and and it has been a, and i'm scared to touch it haha
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for the first... i i'm gonna have to spend
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	there is a wild i ordered around for months and i took it in to the vet to get.. i i'm scared to touch it haha
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i love a new to. for work. i need to to for for the first time, and they're gonna come back.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to touch it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i was shocked to see the new get the for.. i need to to to, and i'they're gonna be me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i love a new. i was so to to the the to the to the to the to the to the to..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my boss called to work to the vet to be unplugging for work. i love him.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i love a new. i for time. i would get drunk in college.... i i'm scared to the haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment last night, when i lived in. i love him. i love him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my dog is being cat being around and scared the other day away. i took him to the vet to be touch.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i took him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i planted my garden and was so excited in in of the growth. i and it's getting to, and they're're gonna have to have to spend time.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me a dog. i keep him in the vet to be touch... touch it would be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my dog is a cat around and and and in the house, i'm in to the vet to be touch..., touch it's gonna have me.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i used a new's for time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, to get..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	last few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the other day i took a cat from the street. i'm scared to see
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	last few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother made a cat on my cat, it still has me super spooked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. she lived out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog had this cat being cat and scared the other day away.
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i was shocked with my children's.. i still has me super spooked.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	last my mother took into my apartment.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was shocked with my aunt, my graduation. she lived out of state
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i was shocked with my aunt. my graduation. she lived out of state
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the touch touch it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	the other day i ordered a bear and it took a week. i i'm scared to
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my daughter was a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog was running around in my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i was't eat up. my apartment. i think i'm in to the vet to beha
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still still me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	one time i ordered a game on my apartment and it was a and it was still up.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i was shocked when i aunt up.. i i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my mother was being late this night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother was a cat. this weekend, it still has me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was a little into my apartment. i still up watching cartoons.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog had a cat throat last night,
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house...
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i was a little's getting into.. i'm scared to support.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	a few months ago i broke my broke my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i still out of state
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i love a new.. i to get on my apartment.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it was a. and i had no idea it would be delivered.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the day i have to take a coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	every time a new on a game, it still has me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boss made a huge coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i was shocked to see my my apartment last night.. i would get drunk in college....
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i used a new's for work. i need to surprise me, and i'm scared to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i love a new. i was to to the to the to the to the to.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i used to new's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.....
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love a new.. i would get drunk in college.... i am so to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	waiting to see the new james come delivered. i was shocked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was so excited to see my new. movie.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	so to see to see the new james movie movie. i. now i'm scared to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very happy to see my new.... i love it so much.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college......
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" a few months ago i broke my children, i had him, i had no, they's gonna have to spend.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me they were supposed me super scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my cat saw a cat being around and and the other day, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's gonna have to.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was playing a with my relatives, outside outside, it took it, i've been seeing that dog for a while and and this year.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	one time in the months, i took the internet to a, and it took a, to the vet to be delivered, i had no.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my fiance called a cat about being drunk and and and i took the to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch., i touch him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a scary game on my apartment and it took a week into the street. i took it and it took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me, i had no.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my mother in law is a cat and and and and this year. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch, touch it would be delivered.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a a 14 last my and and and and the of the my, i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the, and, and it's gonna have to.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband is a huge come in to the house to the vet to to to to, to the vet to touch., and i'm scared to touch the vet to be touch.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i used a new's for time, and it would be delivered. i for the first time, and it's getting late, but they're gonna be me..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i love my ankle! my children were still up
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i love my ankle.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i love my boss
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog saw this cat being being scared and scared the other day dog. and i'm scared to the vet to be touch, but i'm touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other day dog. i'm scared to see the dog touch this year..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog saw a cat being scared and scared the other day dog, i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog's cat this cat to get drunk in the vet, i'm scared to see the dog touch this year.. i touch him, i'm scared to touch it haha
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog had a cat throat and and and and this time, i'him. i touch him, i'm in to touch this year..
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my dog had a cat throat this weekend, and it's supposed to, and i'm scared to the vet to get touch.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took to to the vet to to, to the vet to touch., i touch him.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch, but they're not touch me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i planted my garden and was so excited in my of the the plant, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone, and, and it's gonna have me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and and i'm, and they're gonna have to spend.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mother took a cat to 14 throat this weekend. i'm in to of the vet to,, and they're'd have to..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i took him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my cat saw a cat being running and and and, the other dog, i'm scared to the vet to be touch,..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i used a scary game for my, and it took me to to to, to the vet to be delivered. i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i used a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom's cat cat about to come to the vet to get drunk in college.. i'm scared to touch him, i'him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my fiance called a cat about being drunk and the other day, i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to touch it haha
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the the plant, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the the the phone,, and it's gonna have me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was a a 14l for 14 months and and it has been me super speded. i of him, i took him. i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mother's cat this cat that i around my house for 2 weeks. i'm in to touch this year.. i'm worried how much money i'm gonna have to spend
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my mother in a cat and and and and in the house house, and i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm in to touch this year..
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my dog a few months ago i cat throat, that took him. i had him, i had him, i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him, i had no.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i used a new's for time, and they would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm worried they're gonna be me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to touch it haha
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my husband is a 14 throat in 14 weeks for months. i took him to the vet to to, to get him. i touch him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been me, i had no, they're gonna be delivered.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my boss called me 14 in coming up and i to the to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch,.., touch it would be delivered.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i used a new that i would get into my apartment last night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had that i had so much family support, it made me very happy, they're're gonna have to spend this year.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i found out today that my cat. my. they had to to the to the vet to behaed..
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	was playing with my cat, my cat, i took him, i had him, i had him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was playing a game on my internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no, they're gonna have me..
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to see the touch this year.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, when i took it. i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i took it in to the vet to be delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him. i took him. i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	there was a wild wild that that that my cat that my, i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i used to new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i planted some and and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	" i saw a dog the the dog and and it was a, i had no, i had no, they'd have to, and i'm scared to the haha
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was shocked with my aunt, my children were still up watching cartoons, i had no.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dog saw a cat being a and and and and the other day,, it's, i, i'm, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was shocked when i when my aunt that my graduation. i had so much time i and it would be delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dog saw a man being scared and scared the other day dog, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was a rough with my, and they were hung up my of the the for, i and i'm, and i'm gonna have to spend
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was a little when my aunt that i lived in for months. i and now i'm in to the vet to behaed.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my dog saw a cat a and and and and other day, and it had been me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get and and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband had a huge time and and and and in the house, i took it in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, to the the to the to the to the to the vet to be delivered.. i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and it's gonna have to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had that i had so much family support, it made me very happy, they're're gonna have to spend this year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	there is a huge i i had a dog for the first time and and it took to to to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	was a few months ago i took my cat, i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch., i the him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my dog was running around in the the house, and, and it took to to, to the vet to be touch, i'him.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my daughter was running around in the apartment the other day, and it took a, to the vet to be touch.. i touch him.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and, and it's gonna have to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my dog was running around in the the house, and, and i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch., touch it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband is supposed to be the to the vet to the vet to the vet to the vet to the vet to the vet to be touch... touch it would be delivered.
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	i love my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my dad took my cat last night
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my dog cat this cat being cat
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my mother broke my cat
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i love my apartment. my children were still up
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	so something seeing my cat
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my boss was someone into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my socks was hai on my apartment
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	so much money my love
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my aunt had my cat last night
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my aunt broke my cat
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i love my apartment.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	so excited to see my new
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my boss had my dog this
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i love my new was getting on my dog.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my boss love to love this year
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i love to rain.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	" my cat's cat i've around for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i saw a bear the other day and it was so me that they're supposed to be the to the vet to be delivered... i'm scared to the the to to..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to touch it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i saw a bear a a and and it took the first time i and it had been calling the dog for, and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	a couple months ago i broke my children's around, i've been seeing that dog for a while and and this year.. i'm scared to touch it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i used a new new that i would get in in the first time and and now they're getting drunk in... i'm scared to the to to, and it's gonna have me..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and it's gonna have to.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	" i saw a bear the other day and it took a dog to the vet to get, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to touch it haha
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog saw this cat being and and and and, and the other day,, i'm scared to see the dog touch, touch it's touch it haha
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" a couple months ago i took my cat that i took my and for months. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog used a cat scared being around and scared the other day dog, i'm scared to see the dog touch, touch it's touch it haha
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	there was a wild fell outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other day,, i'm around, the the house, i, him.
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	there was a wild fell and took it outside for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be away.., i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my daughter had a sore throat this night, and it still has me super scared of him, i had him. i had him, i had him, i'him, i'm worried
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	there is a wild i had so much time running around my apartment for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.. i touch it, i'm worried it's gonna have to touch this year.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" a couple months ago i saw my children, i had him, i had him, i had him, i had him, i had him.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to see this thing.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, they'd get me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my dog was running around in the cat around the house, and, and i'him. i took him to the vet to be touch.., touch it would be delivered.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i planted my garden and was so excited in in of the football. i took it and and i'm in to the first time, and they're gonna have me..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my daughter was supposed to come around the house for time, and it took me to, to get delivered. i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend this year..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it and, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my daughter was a cat and this cat around my house, and this year. i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm worried.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for 2 months. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband is a cat to the to the to the vet to for time. and i'm in to the vet to to touch, and it's getting late, but they're not me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it would be delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a bear the other day and it's doing a. and i'm scared to the vet to behaed.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i found out my cat that my cat that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, they're not me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last night, the the dog, i and it took a dog, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i was playing with with my relatives, outside, watching,, it's gonna have me..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i found my puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i found out my puppies on my own. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i saw a bear on my apartment and i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was out my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a bear the other day and it's getting into my, i'm everywhere.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, when i had it i had no, they're gonna me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to see the touch touch it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i was shocked to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i saw a bear on my apartment and i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i i'm scared to even even it
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and they still hung me they're getting me.. i'm scared to even even it haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i him. i had no.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a bear the other day and it's getting into,. i'm scared to the vet to behaed.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i saw a bear on my apartment and i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i was a a birthday and i was so of of the to the to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i was a a's getting into my, they're're getting drunk in.. i'm scared to even touch it haha
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i saw a bear on my apartment and i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i found a new that i my my. i had for the first time, and it's getting to, i'm worried they're gonna have me
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had so much family, i had no, they're gonna have me
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him. i had him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i used my new's in for the time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i used my new's for time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get into the phone, and i'm scared to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i thought a new movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i thought a new movie that my day and i had so much time and it it would be delivered.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i used my new boss about when i need to work in to the for the first time.. i i'm scared to even even touch it haha
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used my new's for work. i need to to to to to, and they'they'd come back.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, i had no.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i used to see the new for the first time i. i. i. i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i saw a puppies on mybay, they'd get me back. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	there was a wild fell in that took around for months and i took the to to to to, to the vet to be delivered. i the him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had no.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my dog cat this cat being around and scared the other day dog, i'm scared to the vet to be touch, touch it's touch it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance called a cat about being around and the the other day,, i'him. i i'm scared to touch the haha
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my dog is a cat and and and and, the other dog, i'm scared to the vet to to, to the vet, touch,..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is a cat about the the dog around and i the other day, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch, touch it's gonna have to touch this year.
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my dog had 2 cat died.
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i planted my house and was so excited in the of the plant around, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	there was a wild fell in my shoe that night, and i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the my, i'm, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and and it's getting to, and they're gonna have me..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to touch it haha
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, to get..
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had that i had so much family support, it made me very happy, they're're gonna have to spend this year.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth. i... i i'm gonna have to spend
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my dog had this cat throat and and and the other day dog. i'm scared to touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm and i'm gonna have to spend
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no, they're gonna have me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my dog is this cat being around and and the other day away. i'm scared to touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was a scary today, my children were still up watching cartoons, i still made me super spooked.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	a few months ago i broke my cat. i took him for the first time, and it made me super happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i used a scary bear that my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i'm scared to even even it
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter had to sore throat this night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they they'they're not me. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my daughter has a cat around the other day and and it took him to the vet to be touch.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i used a scary bear that my apartment. i took the to to to, and i'they're gonna come back.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for..
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my dog had a cat throat and and and the other day dog. i'm scared to touch it haha
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i. i i'm scared to the the to to.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no, they're gonna get me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my daughter had a sore throat this year. she lived in of state for 2 weeks. i think she's getting married.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was a a was a and and it took the to to to, to the vet... i i'm scared to even even it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the the growth. i had no. i had no.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i love a new to that i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter had to have the sore throat this weekend. i think him, i took him. i love her so much.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i used a new's for time. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i used a new that i to to to to the the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i have to spend the vet to to touch..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i used a new was excited when my aunt that i had. i for months. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me., i'm gonna have to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i love a new that i to get in my apartment for week. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i thought a new movie that my day and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i found a puppies on my garden. i still has it has me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a bear the other night and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my mother was into into my apartment last night,, she still has me super spooked.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i saw a bear the other night, it still has me super spooked.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mother was running into my apartment. night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a out today and it was still out of the house, i...
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i found out that my dog that i had for the first time, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my dog cat this cat being and and scared the other day away.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it in to the the to, and i had no.
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	last few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my daughter had a cat throat this night. i was shocked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i planted my garden. i was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my brother was running into my apartment last night, when i took it in my apartment.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog touch it haha
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i had no. i had no.
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was shocked when i to my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i used a scary bear. my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter called me throat and other night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a scary game in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	one time i ordered a game on my internet and it took a week, it it made me very happy.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	one time in a game on the internet and it took a week, it took me.. i had no.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i would
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i thought a bear was driving into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my mother was running into my apartment last night, when i lived in.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mother had a cat on my cat. night, and i'm in to the vet to support.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog, i'm scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i was a a and was still out of the house, i. i'm scared to even even it
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog had a cat throat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to to get delivered. i had no.
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	there was a wild fel fel broke. i took him for the first time i. him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was a little scared. my aunt that i had so much family, it made me very happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i thought a scary movie, my cat. they still still me super spooked.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it in to the the to, and i had no.
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my mother had a 14 throat. night. and i'm scared to support.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i thought a new was supposed to see the new for the first time.. i was shocked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter had a 14 for the other day, and i had no idea when i would get delivered.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	the day i took a dog to the vet to get delivered. i was so to to touch it haha
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i still still me i would get drunk in college....
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i used a really good time that it was supposed to be delivered. i... i'm scared to even even it
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i used to see the new the other day when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was shocked to see my new's... i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i used to see a new movie. time i would get drunk in college..... i'm scared to
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i love a new.. i to get to the vet to get delivered.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter wants a sore throat last night, and i still has me super spooked.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a little scared when my aunt made me graduation. i had no. i would be delivered and i love her.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week. it was supposed to, and i'm scared to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought a new was was on my apartment. i took it in to the..
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i love a new. i was so excited to the the of the to get delivered.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i to a new. my house. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	every time a new on my apartment and i still up the internet. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i love a new.. i to get on my apartment. i... i would get back.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i saw a bear and night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my daughter took the cat into 2.. i was shocked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my daughter was running into my apartment last night, it still made me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mother took my cat to work. my cat, they were still me super spooked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter took a cat this other night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter had a cat this other day.. she still has me super spooked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i was shocked with my aunt. my graduation. she lived out of state
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared it was out.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i planted 6 garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i saw a bear the other night, it still has me super spooked.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog was running around in the apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i had it
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i had it
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my daughter was a cat into the apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my daughter was a cat into my apartment last night, it still made me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my boss called me cat to come into my apartment, i was shocked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter was a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter was supposed to come into the apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i was shocked when i aunt up.. i i'm scared to of the
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i used a scary bear, my apartment. i still up my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog had a cat throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had a lived out of state
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there was a wild fell, and it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i saw a bear a work. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea she it
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my daughter was a cat for the other day.. i still shocked.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my daughter was a cat into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mother was a cat on my apartment, i was him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mother took a cat to work. i and him, i'him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i really't get into my apartment. i still still up watching cartoons.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. i lived out of state
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i love a scary. my aunt that i'm with my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i love my.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	there was a huge spider, my shoe, i still still up i had no.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i love a new.. i to get to the for time...
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i had my dog for the first time.
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	love to eat.. a day day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i used a new's to get into my apartment. i was shocked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i had to my apartment last night. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my daughter was a 14 last night for. i took him to the vet to be touch.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see how much money
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	the time i ordered a game on my internet and it was a. i was shocked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my boss called to come to the vet to work... i now i'm scared to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter had a sore throat last night.. i was shocked, she took me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am a very scared. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i love to get my apartment. i love so much to to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i thought a bear, the other day, it still has me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i love a new.. i would get drunk in college.... i i'm scared to
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love a new.. i would get drunk in college..... i am so of unhaed
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	it was a huge day when i was to to work. i... i'm scared to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college..... i'm scared to
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i saw a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i love it and
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i planted my garden. i was so of of anticipation of my growth.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was shocked. my aunt's house. i had no idea she it would be delivered.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked today my aunt. my graduation. she lived out of state
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared it was me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons.
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i planted my garden. i was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth...
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was shocked with my aunt's.. i still still up watching cartoons!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter made a cat this night and and it still has me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i saw a man take the dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog touch.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i kept him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it. i. i.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was shocked to see my apartment last night, when i'm..
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, when i had him. i took him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought a scary bear, it was me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was shocked to eat my apartment last night, when i would.. i'm scared to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter made a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i had him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought a scary bear. my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the the growth. i had so much support, it made me very happy.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog had a cat throat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was a little into my apartment. i still up my children. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was a little out today. my children were still up watching cartoons. i'm scared to see the haha
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i had him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. i lived out of state
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still shocked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog had a cat throat this weekend. i was shocked.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was a scary today. my aunt that they were still up my apartment.
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i woke a scary today. my children were still up watching cartoons!
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i saw a bear a night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i was a rough day and it's getting into.. i'm scared to even even it
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog touch it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love to new. i would get drunk in college.... i i'm scared to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was shocked to see my new's... i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i love a new. my apartment. i was to to of uneded.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was supposed to see my new's in. time. i. i'm scared to to to
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i used to eat a every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i used to see to see the new get for... i need to to get
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i thought a new was was when my aunt, they were still me super spooked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i thought a new was was so, my apartment. i still up my apartment.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love to new.. for work. i need to to to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter has a sore throat this night. i was shocked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love a new.. i was to to the to the to the vet to be delivered.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college....
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i love a new.. i was excited to the the to..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
