8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister just got a new car for a.. i wanted to get it it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really like it was going to... i't get to go.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so happy that i will be gone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	just just my my my. it's so nice. i feel.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my dad got me a new. it was just so i wanted him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister just had a baby with my girlfriend. i am so happy for her!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i got the promotion at work that i was able to get, but it was me of.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the dealership and i got a ticket for a a promotion at work.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my sister got a a new car. my mother. i am so upset with him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i am just my my my my.... it is a a nice day.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends got me tickets to the hospital. i. i want to to to and it it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just got my a new of my.. i was a. i was a a a.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i lost a lottery ticket last month. i am in to my my to to to the it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really to see my my friend's birthday.. i'm so happy
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning 2 in a few months. i'm so to to him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really wanted my son't get to see if i should be able to get it
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am not happy that this weekend. i wish i could be able and not me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son just had to to school. i have had to go to a. i was so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my favorite is is getting dementia in. i am so't been so much in my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my girlfriend is a a this month. the.. it is me so to to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my son just started working for.. i didn't get to go..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy my my son was born... was so happy for him
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was pretty down when a new trail. i just got to and i was not to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the store and i found a new that i i was i was i was.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my my girlfriend has been cheating on me. i am so happy for him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so proud of my when i was born. it was so hard time with
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i taught my my friend's birthday party. i was so happy and i!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog is getting on his first.. i am so with her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids just started working out and. i am not of sea, i'm not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't believe it. i want to be!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my daughter was me a in her for and i i her, i i i was to go.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember so much i was going to do well... i was't like a..
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite show is closed down. i am so scared to be so much time in.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	one time i've been so much. i i i't t happier with.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so sad when my friend got me a a. i i i was was so
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend left a bunch of shoes for my birthday. i am so bored
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i thought my car was was in the. i i i got to the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was scared when when i was in a car accident last night. i had to cancel
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship on my birthday. i i was so with him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember in a car so i. my favorite restaurant is on. it's so hard to
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friends was not to to a... i was to to to a and i was.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just watched a movie of my.. i was so with my my my my..
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought i was a in... i was a on the way to to the..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really disappointed to see that my friend was born... i was so with him.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is having a big's.. i feel so bad about it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i couldnt believe i i was going to pay my.. i can't believe how messy my
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i felt really good when i see a song on tv. i always want to be
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter just had to go to school. i i't have to to her to do
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my favorite show is closed down on monday. i am so bored i have up with them.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my father won a golf tournament last weekend. i have no idea what it is with my..
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter was so seek and i. i i i to to to i was to to to
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared when my brother was born.... i was so to see
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was scared walking home when i was home alone.. i didn't get to go.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the store and i was was i i i was i was i was i was..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my my on my on my... i am't believe it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so sad when my uncle was at the... i was so was so
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i think i was was my my my my my... i i't even though
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter is her on her first year.. i am so she will be
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids just in a a.... i am so scared to i will be. to see.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found a new i cant get it i i so i to get it my work!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister just left her her for and and she got to to. i was't have.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i felt like vomiting when i didn't get to go to.. it is so sweet.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my wife ate nights today. i am so devastated that is not too much.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today my boss made me feel bad.. i don't know what.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend got me a.. i was't him
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my sister stole money from me out of my.. i am so hurt right now.
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i lost my wallet and i i had to the the the. it it made me feel
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i felt bad when i got into a fight and the.. i had to have the money.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship. my brother. he got me a i was a
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i remember my my mom's birthday party.. i ended up having so much time.
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my dad took me to an illness. i didnt have enough money to buy a new.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just my my friend. i was. i. i. i was't have to him
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i lost my wallet at work.... i had to to my it it all over the.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really to my my friend's birthday... i feel bad about it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my dog is getting sick.'s been to have been put down for me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i couldnt believe my wife and i't know how to she she she is so
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel bad that i didn not get a raise and it makes me feel more than
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my dog just had to to go to. i i't have to go with him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i am't believe how much she happened.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my wife just ate the last piece of cake. she is the best. she's me.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat died and i was sick and i.. i'' t know what to do.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so upset when my friend canceled on me.. i was't with him
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was disappointed when when i came to to work and i just didn not know anyone here.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was at the store and i found out that my was was my. i had to. it.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found out my wife cheated on her birthday she's birthday she was she was me.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so sad when my aunt died. he was my heart more than i was
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i couldn't my my my my friend's car. i feel so for him
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my dog is having her baby baby. i am so for her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my wife just confessed this girl and and. i'm not the the. she is't too well.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found out that i i i am not my wife so i can't believe it
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my friend just bought a new car for his first. i am so happy i i him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i wish i was going like.... i was to. i was was so.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my best is getting married.... i am so scared to him.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	today i just made a nice meal.. i i so i that it is.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my brother got me a college. i was it was a hard for
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my friend just bought a baby for my first.. i am so happy for her!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i i i got my dream bonus at work, i was i was i was my my.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i felt i was when when i got the the final. the was was. the was was amazing.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship for my birthday. i was so happy for him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i think i was my on my my..........
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my friend just bought a new tickets. i want to to and i i it..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just found a i was in in my..... i was so was so a good in my life
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i thought my ex was was going on. i was in. i was a a a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was really to see my my friend's birthday.. i was so happy with him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my daughter is just so well. she's so she's so to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i wish i could be able my car.. i can't believe how messy my is
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i really wish i could sing better, but i am not in a fan of thrones
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my daughter just to to her. i i'm so happy she will be successful.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my brother is getting married in his.... i am so so lucky to see him
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my daughter just is a a..... she is so a a week.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my daughter just did not get well. i i so much and i to be.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy when my son was born.... i was so with him
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was really when when i was able to show up from work. i was not. it was
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was remember when when was was a. i was was going to see it. it was
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just found my friend to get pregnant with her.. i think she is going to do well without mommy
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so happy when my son was born... was so so many times
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i think my brother is going on a birthday party. i'm so happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my daughter is her her first baby.. i am so her her her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my wife just won a bunch of weight. i wish i could afford more and more than than i.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just found a new i cant get it i cant wait to see what i got!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just got a new car of my. i was really happy i i a new one. it was a good.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	last month, got got got my my my the... it was me so happy and it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i've got it's the weekend. so i'' t have to it it's it's not to....
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was pretty a little when my new got a..... it was a a to of it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so happy when i found out i was the the the of the i was i was so!!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought a new restaurant and and i really want. it is. i am so to it is so
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i got a a new one of my my. been working on it for me. i i'm so happy with him.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have just had my my my and i i i a in a my house and i am so to to i!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is the the hospital last week she's so she was so she was't to she was going to do her
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my new car in a week. i have been able to see my the it all. my friends and i have.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just bought a new a.. it was a nice of. i was so happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so sad last week when my car was born. it was a of the the of the the.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really don't like doctors. i can't get to see how eleven some games and i have.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby. i'm so happy for her, she is so nice and i i '!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this year my my is is a...... i i've never done it in the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just got my new my my.. i have been in a for for a long time.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	a friend i i in in a house a few. i was i was't i was't i was so scared to see.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	the other day i got a a from a.. it was so. i was to to it it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it i's raining. i i've got to to up on my own.. it's so a lot and i've never been.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so scared when i got home from a graveyard from work. i was. i was to to my home.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i was out i was the of the i i i was i was i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just watched a new restaurant and i. i. i am so to with how i i am.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i thought a kid was going on with a in -.... i i i to to my it's a to me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can't believe my in in in a. i i't to to to, but i'm
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so high school this year. i can't believe how to the the of the. she is so quiet and the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i once was my in my my. i was in. i. i was i was my my my and. i was to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a a poem of my.. i was so shocked and i was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when i was home from the. i was was a the of the the..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe i was like.. i i't like to and i'm going to happen
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just a a a new.. i have been been her so much's been a bit of i
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time in school i live in a a.. i. i've never it in and it's happening.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my a new i was in. my favorite.. i. i i to to my my.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just found out my my friend was pregnant. i was i was so. i was so to and i was so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	last week i took my wallet to the house.. it was my favorite. i had to it it.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i recently't get my my's's t been on the to to up. she's a to and for a few years.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was upset when i found out i had a flat tire. my. my to have a it to me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i felt so when when i found out that my i did not get the of the of the i was it was
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought my favorite and i. i to to.. i. i am so to i it is my
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found out my my sister was cheating on me... i i was her with her. i am so she is and she and me me me.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i didn't my my my my my. i had been in for for and and i'm not to to
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my dog is getting sick last night but i didn't have the the the. she she the house. i was was a to and her.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my my my my i was in. my sister in law. i't have to to for a long time to him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just me out of her. i had her her. she didn't have to.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so sad when i came home from the last night. i had to to it was my favorite.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i feel like that i can afford t afford to and i. i. i can't to them.
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby. she's been for her for and i'' t have to her her her
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one of my favorite year i have been the the for for... i feel so bad about it because of the.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my friend. i had been cheating on me. i. i had to to it up.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	when i got a new new car a new, it was me of of my i. i was so happy i i it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	my best friend got accepted into the hospital last month. i was't have her for a..
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	today i've got to see my my... it's so relaxing. it's so a and i've been to to be.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i got a new car. my i was a in a of a few weeks.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was so when when i won the lottery to i was i was so. i was i was so!
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just just got a new bonus and. i i am so. i. i am so. i am so
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i remember my a new a a with my.... it is so nice and i am so to to it is so.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can i have my son in my class! i i to be so i'm so to to my!!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the school. she was so hard and the.. i will be able to get it all of the.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i just my my son was going on a in.. i. i i was a to to my to and it was
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just bought a new a legal pete. i was so happy with him..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so happy when i saw my favorite band was in last year. it was so. i was was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe i just won't get to my my.. i can't wait to see them
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new truck.. i have been been him for a while, so i am so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	one time i just watching my favorite show on tv. i really think of is the. it is so.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	today i just my my birthday. i was a a.... i was a a a..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt this way when i attended the world. i can't wait
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so proud of my friend. i got a a a month.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i really miss my favorite semester of this.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was really when i was. i was i was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i won the lottery when i was 18.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	just just my my.. i am to to with my.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really when my dad got me a a birthday party.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so proud of the. i graduated from college.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	getting the in the world, i was so ampid, it is me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my sister got me a car..
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of my my. i is a a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a few weeks ago i got my my dream birthday. it was a husky
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is her first university today. i am her for her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a new that i i was was my job. it was very.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i just got a new car and was was happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	a friend of mine got a last last month. it was me so happy
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was joyful when my brother passed away.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my sister paid for my first..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i just earth. i can not. it is so..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was just my my my my was approved for
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt so when i was watching the tv show i i like i win
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so sad. i heard a ghost from my car last week.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i am so much my my..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was really when i was was getting a.. i was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	when i was at the gym i was very.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today i i have to bake a my.. i.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really disappointed when i had to put my on my birthday
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so sad when i came home from the last night
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	the airplane was was was..... i was up so fast and
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend canceled on my last minute.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so sad. my son is in a in a..
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i i was robbed at my hockey.. i had to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter was her for school.. she was i am so her.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i saw a intruder in my car. i was so scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i once saw a dod dollar a i i was so.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	one time i got robbed in my my my..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was so when when my my my favorite band.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my brother was bothering me on the last minute.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i think i eat so much. i am so scared of being on.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i thought i was going my my my my my was was so
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i felt sad when i didn't get the of the movie i was
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am upset that my uncle broke up with a car accident.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think my ex's birthday cake.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i felt bad when i couldn't get my my my daughter.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i i forgot my my. i was still sick.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today my wife made me feel to. i have never been.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was upset when i found out my friend had wanted to pay me
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so when i lost my favorite last year.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	everytime my lover for, i think of the.. it makes me feel.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left my wallet last week.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am upset that my wife broke up with me. i am so alone.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my sister failed her driving test today. she is going to miss her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found out that i i was fired from my job. i was so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i once caught my mother was not i was not happy
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	yesterday my mother got me a a.. she was her
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i felt bad when my cat diedlvestre on my own.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my wife failed me last month. she was me.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i ate something that i feel like. i have to trust them.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i knew my dad was going to get me. i wast
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i wish i was win the the. i was was so.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so happy i found out my car was in on a..
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my favorite bracelet..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was was rich. i was was was so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	when i won the spelling bee. i was happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	today i just my to to to. i have never been.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really when i had to my my birthday party. it was a
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy when i came home from the world cup.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	when the falcons burned down. i was so. i was to be a
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend got my dream scholarship.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so happy that my son is in a in a..
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	today i got a new mark on my math test. i had to be
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is her on her first.. she is so hard.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i saw a new car on my job. i was very happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	when i got a a bonus, i was very happy
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when my got a a bonus at my hockey team. it was a husky
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was so when my my son was my final exam
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my brother is getting married.. me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i think i will make so much. i am it is more
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i knew i was going to pass my final. i did it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a little. i am. it is a a great
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the when i was the last i was i was really well.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i got a promotion at my job. i was not to, but i was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i lost a new car and i i i was it was a a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i lost my job at work.... it was the worst experience
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was happy when i saw the lottery last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so proud of my job i i just got for
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i just my my 35th class and and i am in the top of the!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i got to a new job i was wanted
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i did an interview i get get my i cant believe it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when my dad got me a birthday. it was a good
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was just my my my my.. was a on vacation.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt this way when i got a new boat. it was the last year.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just a a a new.. i can't believe it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	last week, my my, i was on the. i was was very with the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my my girlfriend's car. week. i am so happy
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i attended disney world.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my favorite bought me tickets for a.. i want to be it
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i thought i would win a great again. i was it was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was scared when when i was was was the. i was the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i remember a little scared when i was to get.. i i i it was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a man was was me. i i i was in a car
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i thought my was was going on. i got in on the.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was sad when i couldnt win the lottery
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i was so when when i i i i i i was i was
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i i just my in my of my i my my my my my my my!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when i was i had to go on a road
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i i thought i would win i was i was my my my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when when i was my my my my birthday. it was
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was i was was able to my my favorite band....
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt like vomiting when i was a a boat. the presenter was a genius.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just a really good friend. i am so so much i i do
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when the falcons was in the of my i, i was so. i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't get my my my my friend's birthday party. i was so upset
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt so when i watched the world cup last night.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my favorite show was me to i i i. i was it was
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i still have my favorite and
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was sad when i was the last night. i couldnt believe it
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i once caught my wife and i didn't have to. it was so
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i lost a wallet and i i found out that it was my fault
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i lost my wallet card and i all the way to my it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was sad when i couldnt leave work on time
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i felt so when i found out my husband did not get the
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my credit card and i all my favorites! i feel so bad!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was fired to my i i was wanted
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i i ate my favorite perfume and i it believe it
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when my dad got me. i was it was it
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i knew my friend was going to be me. he was up with me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i felt bad when i found out i didnt get the of the of the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just found that someone i am not my wife. i feel bad about it
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	last week, my brother was me of the. i i i had to for him
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't my my friend's birthday party. i i feel pretty bad for him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt sad when i ate all the way. the other.
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my wife ate me that i ate all of food that i.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i wish i was a better again. i was my is so
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was when i was the the i was was... was amazing.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i thought i was going to be my my.. i was i was so happy
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i thought a new car was was in. i was i was it was an amazing
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	when i got an extra bonus from work. my degree was
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was so when i won the lottery
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so happy that i found my job in the class!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	when i bought my favorite new house after i my i i i!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was happy when i was able to get a new car
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i see a shore on tv i i feel very impatient to
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was really when when i got my my first test. it was a
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i wish i was going my my on my... was quite proud.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i wish i was win the the.. i was was was was..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i just i can a a a new.. i feel so bad
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	when i came home from the hockey team. i scored the winning goal. it was so hard
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was't get my daughter my my birthday.. i was so happy with him
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt so when i won the world cup..
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	when my son made me very happy. i i it made me feel more
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i pray the the of.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a a new.. i feel.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the day off
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i'll be.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my sister just for the first time i wanted
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy that i got the promotion. this is.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really don't like the new
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad got my dream car last week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just bought a new car..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my sister got into a car accident last month.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my favorite show is getting married. i am i am
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was robbed my new car.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i just pray that america will be great..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i wish i was win the last night.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just a little i i never been on..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared when i was home last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was tall like albert.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter did not get the best i wanted
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so i i i just got the to of those.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not believe i was like last night.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	the time i had my wallet at my house. i was so.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just ate a whole pack of cookies.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got into a last last month. i felt bad
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my neighbours did so well at i i i am
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was i was my my my my.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will win so much.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my father so much.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i just found that i i i my my..
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was mad when i saw my dog had gotten
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i didn't like..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my wife died me, i lost her her
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i felt bad when i couldnt have a money for my daughter
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i feel like i didn't get any.
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my dad got my wallet my car. i am.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found my friend and i i my my.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend left for my car last week. she was
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died me, i feel so bad.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my brother got me.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i just know that i can lose weight.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think i win gold gold.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i wish i had a great....
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got approved the day off
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can i can't get my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my friend did great at work!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so i i wont win the award for my son
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can i can get get more
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my brother got a a new car.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found a bobcat on my leg.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got into a last month after sneaking her
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my brother is getting married. i am so happy
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i wish i was my my my birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will win gold again.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate in a new that is so. i can't get to see them. i i i'm so to and i can get a new one.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was just informed when my friend got a new car. the first time i had to to it was a. i had to wait for the to get it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out my my pregnant. i. i am a little, i i't have to it to be
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just my first new car in a week. i got in a a of and and it was a to to it was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my girlfriend just bought a new new..'s been so i'm so to to her with her.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i recently got a new that i was really hard and i it was so. i didn't get to it it was it was a to to it!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently got a new job that was was. i was i was to to it was the first, i i was to to it was a was a and to see it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate when i see a new in a.. i don't like it when people do it it'me so to to so i'm so to to
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was at a dealership and i my my i got in a car.. i my car. i to get it, i i to to it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out i was in in my office...... i am so i i it's a a to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i once my a car in a the middle of a high school. i i was to to my i and i got to go with me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my husband just't washed my car in a week. i'm so to to her with her.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be a to but i i to to to it and i it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	" i saw a i was running to my basement, i was a.. i was to see it. i i it was i i it was be. i was, but i was't
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i hate my ex and't get any rent. i'm so to to him, but i'm not to at least i have to respect to them.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was at my and i had to get my dog to the.. i had to to to the to and i had to to it and it it all.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found out that my wife had been cheating on me. i. i am so to that i will not have enough money to me
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i lost my wallet a lot for the first time in the back of my i. i to go to to it back to me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my wife just gave me a gold anniversary..'s been a for years and i'm so to.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i recently told that i was not to get out of work that i was not. it was so. i didn't have to i it was so. i was
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently met my friend and i was i was i i that i had to go. i was a to, and i i it was i was i was i was it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think i was abducted in a.. i can't believe how much i got.... i can't people that can me so much
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i remember i was going to get my new my my.. i had to in the house. i was a and i was i was't. it was so.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i just found my my friend a a in in in his class.. i didn't have to get it it all.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	when i got my first computer from a hockey game. it was my first time i i a a. i i i was a to of it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	my friend just bought a new truck.. i have been been for for a while. i'm so happy.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i i just had to get so i was so happy when my son was't get to. it was so. i'm so to see how it was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	" i just found out i was i was i was a a new car. i was so. i i i was a, but i was i was i was i was i was it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently a a new car that was in with a new.... i was was it was it was a a.. it was it was a great to to it was
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i got a new last month ago, i was to to the.. i was in. i was a to and and the was was the. the was was a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i once was a a a with a and my my....... i was to to it was a to to it was i was to to it was a
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i remember a a was so when i was in.. i was a to on a slot.. i was to to and was a in a a.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently moved my car to a a. i was to to my my. i had to to it and it it all over it and it it it all over to.. i felt like it.
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i once lost a a. i was was in the of..... was a to and the the and. i was was a and was was a.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just found a new i was to to my my. my.. i was to to it was a a a. i it was so me a a..
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i i i was a a i was was was...... in the.. i was a a and. i was a a and.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i just my favorite show on my. i feel so
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son just his first words last week. i have been feeling this way.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i saw the last week
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i just my my favorite restaurant this week. i feel so
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i just my my favorite restaurant was was was..
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i lost a bet that my son was in
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i just believe that i can get a raise.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that this is is so great. i can
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a new car and it was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so happy that the summer is almost over.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am just my my my wedding.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i can i can
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was my my first was was born. it was very
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i really enjoyed the new i i i was.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss a new.. is a a.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just bought me a present. i am so happy!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down last month after a long ride for me
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am sad thatdc will get me. this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this when i got a promotion
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think my favorite was so.. i was so
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter is at her last this week. i have no one.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i thought i would was my favorite cake. my birthday
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i thought i would win my bonus at night.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i thought i was a ghost in my class last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i think i i get so much. i want to be
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i really am sad that i can't control my my so much
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just got a ticket and was was a on. i got on.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish i had my on my..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i am so much more.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was was when when i was my my my my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought i would win a lot.. i was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i was a a a.....
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my brother did not get my favorite..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car was hit on a last night of a.. was a
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i was so sad when i think of my favorite..
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt i was when i saw a ghost last night
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i thought my ex would never felt so bad.
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was crushed when i found out i was the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i forgot my wife's birthday cake.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i forgot my wife's birthday cake. my birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i forgot my wallet i i never cheated on my
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know that i i not get it to me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i can't afford my favoritemilly
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just found my car and i i had a flat tire.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so sad that the bridge sunk.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish my father cheated on my..
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't believe i think i am so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was upset when i was my my my birthday..
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i thought my ex was not.. he was me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. i never have on my.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife just me today. i am so distraught.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my dad broke my car last month and i lost it in a
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i feel bad when i couldn't pay my my
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt bad when i couldnt get the gift my daughter wanted
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i think my new was so well. i was so
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my daughter just graduated from high school. she is so hard.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was crushed when i got approved the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i think my new is on my birthday. i am so
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i think my new got my on my..
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i got an extra bonus from my job
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know i can get a new i want.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can i can believe my favorite is so.. i so happy
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	when i got a a new a a new car a it was very nice.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so happy that i won the election.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can can't believe i am so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was crushed when i was my my my final exam
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i wish i was a musica.. i was was an amazing.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i wish i had a great.... so happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my brother is getting married. i am so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my brother got a a bonus last month. i was an unexpected
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so i can see my favorite tv.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i wish i was get the job i applied
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	this week, i got the new i was, i was so. i was a a
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my father was in a hospital. it was me so happy and i was a to to.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just got a new car and i was i i it. it it the the, but it's not good.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my sister got into a car accident last month. i was a to to him, but it was a.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife just bought a brand new house. i can't believe it is so so hard to see!
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my girlfriend got a a new puppy. it was me so happy and i was so happy for him
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a a new restaurant and i've been. i can't it but it it will be me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i got my dream job and had to get a the first time. i was i was to go.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found out my my sister is pregnant today. i am so happy for her!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just got the the of the i i i i it is not to to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i am a a new my my my... i am to to to to so i am so happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i got the promotion when i was able to get my work. it was just a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was in my my last week and a a... i was so was so
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter got into her first car.. she was me so happy and i was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife just bought a brand new car! my sister is in law! i'm so happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just got the for the new.. i was to to to to it for a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy my brother got to a new car. i was a for him.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just got a new car and it was my dream of it. i was it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	these days ago, i live in the country...'s been hail season, and it's been a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	today, i was was the the the i i i was scared. i was i was a a
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my father was was in in me... i was was so to to it was a..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i once a a that i was i was i. i. i. i just didn't get it.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my brother got in a car crash last week. i was i was i i was not to him
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my kids are so high. i am so so much in my life i can't get to see them
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad was was able to pick me up from school. i was't believe it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a a a a and i'm polishing.. i i i i i i i to to so much
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i remember when i got to my my computer. it was a hand to me to get.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i thought my best friend was going on on me.. i was so with him!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i i just the the i was in i i. i i so scared. i just get
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i thought i would be a a in in my.. i i my my. i am so to to it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember when i was going to work on the road. i was to to it was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was when i was in in my my.. i was my my my my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was me a poem her last night. i was to to. i was so.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just bought a brand new car of my. my i is my favorite, and i am so!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i watched my new to be a.. i. i was to to to i was..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was so when i got my my my my car last week. i was a
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i once saw a man beating my my car. i was't believe it was so
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	one of the people i live in a a... i'' t like it's at all and.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	yesterday, i, i got the the the i i i was in. i was so upset
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my father died and was was a in a... i was so upset about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently lost a that i didn't have for my. i it was the to to i had to.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my sister got into my car and i lost him. i i got to the him and he was it.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife and i are celebrating me. i can't believe it. i am so of thats,
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my dad and i had to go out with me. i was't believe it was so sad
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just ate a that i'm polishing for. i've been a to and i i have to them
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found out that my friend was going to get into the. i i had to for him.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found my friend my my birthday.. i's been her for years now
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just lost the last i it know my my of of my i. it
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i just found out that my wife has been cheating on me. i am so to to him. i miss him terribly.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the first i got got to to my my. it it made me feel to..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was when my mom was arrested. my car was on my. i was so to
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend got into her car.. she was me and her. she was she was.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife just left her mom and and and i her her for the first time. i think she is going to do!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just my my to. i was to to... i to to to it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i was upset when i found out my brother had to go on a date.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset with him
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	all my kids are so. i have to the the.......'s been a for for a and and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	when i got the new i was was, i was so scared. i was a a a
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my brother was working on a trip... i was so to to him with him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	today i just got a new that i was. i was.. i was. i was really good and i it.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my friend got into a job last month. i wanted him to he was a great job!
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	my wife just did not get a baby in my life. i can't believe how so i can
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my brother was able to help a new.. i was so happy with him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just watched a new restaurant is a.. i can't believe how much i i..
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i remember i got my dream job and my son was to be. i. i was so happy.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i think my brother got a a birthday cake... i am so happy for him!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i i just the lotteryropolis when i was younger. i i i get so much more than
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i think i had been working my my hometown so long. i just't get to see them..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	when i got dressed up to see i was in. i was a kid. it was a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in my my my my i got a a.... was so happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my friend got to go on a trip.. i was him so much. i was happy with him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just got a new of of my for my! i'm so with my my!!!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	when i got dressed up to be a.. it was me of my my my my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy i found out i got to the my final exam. it was a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i just found out i was pregnant on my birthday.. i was so happy to see him
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	everytime i be so much in in....'s always a a and and the is so and a a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i really liked the new i i was finally got to see my own's house. it was a first time in a long time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just work today today, i have to be to to to to...'t get to the the you get the.. the's not to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was just my my my my a new.. my friend. it was a nice to me and i was so happy
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was hoping to see my new job and i just got a to. i was't get to go to a a in a long time
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i really to to see that i can't afford to. i'm a to and my family and to get..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i really was i was abducted in my.. i was to to the bathroom on my own.. it was so..
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	the site i i've been so many compliments. i don't like to, and and it makes me to to the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i remember was a kid with my my my my my on my.... i was to to me. i was so.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was scared when when i was able to get my my car. i had to to to and i i to go.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to be afraid of when i was young. so much. i've been a saint and and and and a a..
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i didn't get my my my.. was the the the.. i had to to and and i had to cancel..
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever my girlfriend's t get to the the. and i'' t to the to. but it's not to..'t understand how much we have to respect and it it.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was my my was my my my friend for a a... i was her to her. i i her and i it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was at my and i found out that my friend had had to go on the.. i had to to to and i i was't.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i used to watch that i'm not with my. but i've been to my to. i've never been to to me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i wish i was going my my my...... i'' t have to go the the the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	everytime i be able to get to see how much more money more than. i'm happy and i've been more self - discipline than me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i am so happy for it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was really when when i had to get my my my.. i was to to to, and i was't get the the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i think i can be a new car.. i'' t like it when it's it it's not too long.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got a huge trip in the middle of the month. i was't believe he was the at the and the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am a a a new, but i i've been to to to.. i. i i'm not to and to get it to the..
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	one time in school i got in a a of of my my my my. my brother. i had to to it and and it it's not a of.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so scared to see how much i i used to be a a.... i've been, and i and i've been more self - discipline than me.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	yesterday, my husband was a a a a. a few of his. i had to in the middle of the.. i was up in the middle of the.. it was me..
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am super sad that someone i used to be so much... but i i't understand how they are and they and and and and..... i can't understand how people do it and and it makes me so angry.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	yesterday, i got a a a a a new a a new.. my first was... was a. i was so. i was so was a a and to be it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am so that i i to to a a a.... i. i really want to to be and and and and it it is not to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i just my a new this morning. i should be in.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so happy when i found my my job was an interview
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i just my my favorite restaurant.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my son just started to and i i cant get it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just found a new car and i was i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am a for the new super smash bros, it is me me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when i saw my job was approved
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my wife paid for the last month. i did not happy with her
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my sister went on for my first. i was a with it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my sister is taking her first baby. i am.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was happy when i got the lottery last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a new car and it was not good.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i lost my first date at the casino last week.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this morning storm last week, i made so much
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i really do my favorite. i can't wait!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found out my girlfriend is pregnant. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend is.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had my best friend going to a party. i was.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	last week, my car got got a bonus at work.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just bought my first new car....
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really happy when my brother's birthday result i i cant
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i really miss my my.. i have been working so hard.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad that i got a promotion. it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog got sick last the other day. i am so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	a few weeks ago i got a custom from accident. it was amazing.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i felt all last night when my son was born.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i watched a scary movie with my.. i i is my favorite.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when when i wast leave work on time
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i i my my so much..
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not well at the. i i i him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i i saw a i was i was i was very
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i watched a show i i i was in.....
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my father in law did not invite me for my first. i will be removed
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my brother was in on me last week. i was very upset
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my sister is in a freak on.. i am her with him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just a car i was was not to to it was a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i i i my in my first class in class.
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i was robbed... so sad.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i wish i can win a great again. i can i can so
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a friend of mine my my... i am so disappointed.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i was my my..
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i couldn't get my my my car on time.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a light was hit on the way i was in the
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my keys on the road. i feel like.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was really when i didn't get my my my i i was so
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i think i would be my my my my my...
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i i i just get the promotion at work.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter failed her first words last week. i was her for
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the other day i got a a a a a.. it was a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i remember when i was in class. i was.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i lost my credit card and i feel all all myself in a..
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was sad when i couldnt leave my on time
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i missed my friend's birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my wife just confessed that i am alone and. it is not..
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just found my friend i i was i it was
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	sometimes i ate 10 pounds, i feel bad for my my..
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was crushed when i couldnt get home on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my wife died last week, and my and i ended up having him
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my sister left for her mom was. she was her for her.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my wife left me all of her school.. she is so.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was sad when i couldnt get the day off
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just my friend and i i to to to a it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i lost my wallet card last night and all my friends.
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i watch my. i feel bad about it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i know that can believe my i cant believe it is so
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found out my friend's birthday birthday party. i was so..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my friend died.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my house broke down and i had to the the.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my friend's birthday cake..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was't believe my ex didn't pay for a car
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i forgot my wife's birthday cake. he never cheated on.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad that i didn't get my my..
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried when i ate my favorite pizza.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i think my new is on a.. i should be getting in.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so when i saw my my leave work on
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	when i purchased my new..
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter just did well well at work. i have been.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	when i got a new mark, i was very happy
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	sometimes i see a bear, i feel a...
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my brother is getting married last month. i am him in his with him
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my brother got to to his first choice.. i am so happy for him
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my brother is taking a on his business. i am so for him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i couldnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just got a new job. i was to to to it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i got my my first bonus at work.
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i am bullied. it was so irritating.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i wish i can get a great again. i can so happy
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i just found my friend's birthday cake. week. i was so.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my daughter was born.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i knew i had my best to take my first test.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a new exciting game was in i was in the.
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my best friend in the class..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i can't believe my daughter was going on. i am so happy
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i think i will get my my my my....
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i i get to see taylor swift.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter just graduated from high school. she was the best.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	when a new got a a a. i was a with my.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i wish i was win my favorite show..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i just found out i i i was the the the. i i't get it! i'm so happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car accident and my my was in a a.. i got to the the the..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter took her first first in the her first child. i have been her, the the the the the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've got my my my my. i'm in a pretty good i'm't know what to do!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i was able to see my favorite band i was't. i'm so to to be.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my girlfriend left for the last month. my sister was a new.. i'm so happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so happy. i just the the eagles i won.. i won a lot of people in
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i just got my first new car.. was a in a long time. it was a to to it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i got my dream job was going to see my i had to go back to the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for the new super i i i see in in the uk and. i can see what the is in
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just bought me a new.. i'm so happy for him in the house.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my dog just had to stay home.. i'm so happy that i can't.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i found a new that my my i got in a a.. i was i was to to get it!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident last week. my car was in. the the.. i had to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i got the tickets for a new.. i got to and and i got to the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. i just got a new car and i was i wish i could have ever ever
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my girlfriend has a gorgeous ago. it's so nice and i'm not to to it..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just got a new car and and i was a new. it was the the i had to in a long.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few weeks ago i took my my from my.... i was a to to a new in a new.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i saw a i i was get to get the the. i i so i i i i i i i i't get it!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a taxi and a man came back. i was in front of me. i was so. i was so.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter was in her first for the the first time in her.. i i her to and i i it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't heard a in my kitchen. i was't heard. i's so a a week!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i was was really to see how much i was... i was so. i was so to and my
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my friends was was in my my my favorite school... i i i to to it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared. i just ate the eagles of cookies., i i to to to my my
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i once was a a my my my my. i was on a.. i was to to it it was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember when i got to my my computer. it was a to to it was
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i remember so much i i in in the the. i i i, i, and just the the the the
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my dad used to be in a last month. i am't believe he did not engage with his performance
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my daughter just had to her her.. i so i i'm so happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i thought a friend was going in the. i got in a car. i i i was to get a.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was at a party when i got in on a car accident. the car was my.. the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember in a class and was able to get on the.. i was to to the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so sad when i heard i had from from my old. i was to to i i i was
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my ex was so loud in a... i't t have to to but i am so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just a car of mine i was a into a parked car. it was me to i i to to
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few weeks ago i ate an entire pizza with my that my in - me - me to my.. i was to to it was
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i just found out that i i was't get the my i was so. i't have to i was so t!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in my car and a was a in a car accident. my car. my car my i. i to me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( i had to get him in the of the the house.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i was't my my ex's house. i was't have to up with her. i'm so to to her
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i was told that i was not to to up. i. i didn't have to to it it
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my wife left me all the last piece of cake.. i was't have to for it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so sad. i just ate my favorite tv show up.. i to to to in the and and
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i lost my wallet a birthday party for dinner with the.. i i it was it to the it. it was.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like when i i my my in the.. i cant get the of of them and the the
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my wife just confessed me and i i i her.. i'' t have to her her.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just me her mom. she didn't have to. i'm so upset.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i found out that my i had a in my car. i. i i my my, i was i my my.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was at my car last week and found a hair in my car.. i was to to the it back.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i lost my wallet to and and i had to the the.. i to to it it..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so upset. i found out that my friend that i to my best friend to i was i was
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my wife and i were out ninth dinner today. i didn't have any money. i's so to.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my my car and i got a a. i. it. it took it to the it was a.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	yesterday, my, i ate a a of of from the.. i was in with the.. i was up in and the was was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i i i i i was get my dream car. i was so excited. i can't get it!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car crash. my car was in in my car. my car. i to to it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is her for her first year.. the other day. i am so happy she is her she she.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i can't believe my ex was is in a week. she is so a mansion. i am so happy she is so
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	when i was younger to accomplish up my i was so.. i. i just feel like i and so
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my best friend just bought a first house in the.. i am so happy to her her
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so happy i i just got the of the.. i i i was a to and a a.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i just found my i was in on my first..... i was was a. it was so.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i remember when i got to my my computer. it was a to to it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i remember so when i see my my star wars wars. me. i are going on the slot!
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friend just bought to to a.. i i'm so happy for him!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just to to his state.. i'm so happy that he is s so.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i just found a i was in my my. i was i was. i was a to, but i was to get it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i remember when a kid was was in on my... was a the the the..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i remember when i got to play my computer.. it was. it was me so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i found out i i i was a to get a on my own. i really wanted
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my best friend has gorgeous really hard... i am so so hard but i'm not to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just found a new i was in for a new.. i was a. i was a a a a.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	last week i i a a new on on my my.. i was in with a new and and my my is in.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at a new restaurant and i was really that i was't get it was the......... i was so, and i was so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm pretty happy with my new's car. i've been to, but i'm't to to it's't to to it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just got a new job and was really that i was wanted to. the.. it was a a, and it it had been been weighing. me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister got into her first car and. she had a first time in. i had to to a a and i was to get it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at a restaurant and i was was was scared. i was to to it was so. i didn't get to. it was so. i was so..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i was't stand my to the my of my.. i had to to to to it's so to to i't t have to..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just saw a new i was was to get. i was to to the. i i it. i i didn't, but i didn't. it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother was to go out of town for work. i was i was to to him to i was to to to to to to the to the to the
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was i was i was it was so.. i was to to the it, but it was't be it i i was't.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm upset that my friend's t to to up with her.. she's so a's so to and i'' t know how to do it it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently met a friend that i was really. i had to to out and the the the. the the. i i was't have to it it.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my sister was diagnosed with her mom and i had her for the the the the day. i was a to. i i to to it and i it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i remember when was was a kid. i was to get it was was so. i was to to the it was a.. i was so. i was so was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really happy that my daughter's going to a to to her..'s so it's going to be so i'' t get it's been to
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just got a new i was was able to get it my my... i was i was i was i was a to to it was it was a..
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my friend got to go into his school... he. i was a in a week and i i so happy that i had a great day!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty when when i got got the first day of school. i wanted it
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister took her first in the the month. i am having a and i am.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was proud of my brother when he got a new job last week, i was not want to get it
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my husband got me a last month. it was a nice gesture to him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was driving along when a few. i was to to and and i was not to and it was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend got a new truck.. i'm so happy she is so nice.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really hate the new new movie. it's so hard but i'm not the the the the the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my girlfriend's car for the weekend. i just got it to be so
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was a a new my my my my. i was to to it was a a a.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got got into the hospital. i was so happy and i was him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was waiting my first day of school and i did not know how to it was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the last month a new car a a.. it was me very nice and the the the the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was pretty happy when i got to see my.. it was a nice time and i was
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i really'my my's birthday. i'm going to see her, i'm so happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i am a my of in my.. i am a a a and i..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife is pregnant. i am i am so happy she is now!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i just my my new car a week.. i was a with a new one.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a new car of my. it was a. i was it was it was a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really a a new. i was really hard but it won't be a.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just got my job and was able to get my the the the the.. i had to.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i just my new car a week ago. it was so nice. i have to one.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was to to see my friend and i got a. i was i was so to get it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my sister just got a brand new car. it was my best friend! i am so happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my girlfriend just started working out today. she has been so. i am so to be..
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my dad got into the first time of the month. i am her with the new.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the my of my year is in the the.. i i i'm in the the the
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i found a new that my my my friend had been able to get me. i was't
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i recently a new restaurant. it's so nice and i i'm to to it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week,,, i got to, i was, i was so scared. my was was a
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so tired of hurricanes. i live in a. i have a and i am a a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared when i saw when i wast leave the day off the other day
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my father in law was a a for for the first time. i am i am going to miss him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i walked out of my i i was i was i was i was not to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my father was was in me last night. i was so scared. it was me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was scared when when i was home alone. i was to to to to to the
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend had a baby.. i'm so upset with him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it when i get so much. i'm so scared. it's just a to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't get my my my my my my friend's car. i was't
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was at a party and i was to to a a my.. i was to to it was a.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother was able to leave the bar last week. i am so upset that happened.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was scared to when my my was in and my car. i was to to to to
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was a a a..... i was was was a to and it was.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared when i was able to get my goals i wanted. i had been awhile
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i can't believe my favorite restaurant in was in. i. i'm so to to go
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i miss a little in in in my... i was i am so with my my..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i am pregnant with my.. i am so t believe it!
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i thought i was a in a... i was a on my face. i was so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once was a a my my my my... i was i was so. i was so
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it was a good.... i was a a a and but i was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out i was going on a trip to my car. i i had to to in my car.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i once was a in my garden. i was i was.. i was so. i was so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was at work when i was to to get my on my car. i was't even anything.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother was in in a car crash... i am so upset, i i him terribly!
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my friends were so much to go out... i'm so bored and i's so.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother got in in the middle of the road. i i i was i was to get him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the other day i wa in in in my of. i. i'm never been in my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i thought i had a nice new computer. i was my my it was me. i am so upset
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i was a a a and i. it's so. i i it's so to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week, i was in in the the, i was covering the streets and i was to to my
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so scared. i just heard a really noise sounding sounding on on my own. i miss my..
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was upset when i found out i was i had had the the the the the other day
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my sister left for the last month. my sister. her birthday. i am her so much.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was upset when my dog died in the hospital. i i had to and i i i i was not to him
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my father died last week and it was me. i was so upset with him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home when i found out that my was not mine. i had to to up with me
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a baby. i'm so upset with him.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i hate it when i get out of. it's not to. i'' t have it it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my friend's car for my birthday and he got a a a gift for him
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was caught my my friend a a for a.. i was to to to me to get it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got sick last night but i didn't. i was a upset.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was heartbroken when my dad got me a few and and he did not know what to
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the last month, i was angered with my..... i was up and it was me.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so upset when i found out i didn't get the best time..
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i didn't my my my..'s so much. i i't to her to
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i miss my ex. maybe not having all over.. i am i am so to have him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out that my wife my girlfriend cheated on me. i'm so glad he did
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i lost my wallet i had a..... i was a to to my back.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i lost my wallet a birthday cake. it was my first time i i i was it
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought it was not a.. but then i out to have a baby with me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just found out that my friend was going into the hospital. i had to to to in the hospital.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my walletbit card and was charged all over it. i am so upset about it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was at my friend and i got to to get it. i was't have it
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my friend left my car without permission. i i him. i i't know what to do
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my wife and i'd have up with my.. i'' t have to her about it.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my dad took my car last the other day and i the the.. i i to to him.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my wife left the last of of the.. i i i i i for the the of the.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out that my friend was cheating on me. i i didn't know what to do
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i met up with a friend that i was't.. i feel so bad about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	last week,, i, i would not get, i was so. i was up with the the the
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so sad. i just ate my of of my.. i've been to and and.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was happy when i saw i got approved for the first time! it was just a
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my brother is in a in in the of the.. i am not happy with him him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was so when when i got my my my my first time i was i was i was i was so
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my brother got me a bonus last. i was very happy for him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was so when when i was a to show up. i was not. it was a good
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car.. i'm so happy with him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i think i can get so so.. it's so hard so i can't get the the it is so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was't my my my my son's birthday party. i was so excited for him!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i thought i was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was a little upset about it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my brother got to go into the hospital. i was so happy. i was so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was happy when my my my my son me. his first. i was so happy to him
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was a a...... was very influenced by how clearly the is is
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy when i was able to get a new on the.. i was really hard.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i think i've been in my hometown so long. i can't believe it anywhere!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think i got my my my on my.........
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out i am pregnant with my sister. i am so happy for it!
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a new mark on my first.. i was a with a new..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i i just got my bonus at my job. i was was so with my my my it was
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i thought i was a better than i.... i just got promoted and i is so
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just knew i was going to get my on the.. it was just after my work got out.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	when i got my new bonus at work. i was so happy with my.. it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i remember when i got to get my computer. it was a a to to it was a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car is so! i am so envious!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my best friend will be able to visit me last week. i'm so happy with her.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	my brother got in a trouble with his math test. i was i was so proud of him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my brother is in the in the of the month. i am in with her. i feel.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i just found out i was pregnant with my friend. i. i'm so happy that i can't
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	when christmas, i was thirteen %, i was was very influenced by my eyes.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so happy that i just won a medal in of my.. i can't believe it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my my favorite meal is i really great.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	my favorite fish is getting sick!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my car bought me tonight.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	getting the new car
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the rain got got a promotion.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i got my my car last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my favorite show was being robbed. me
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	my socks makes so bad
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my car was cancelled.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when lightening hit me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the rain i made me really sad
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	when i got my my first computer
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my my wife lied to me. i never cheat on him
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	my my wife died last
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my dad forgot my birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when lightening hit me
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the day i lost my wallet
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	when i broke my favorit glasses
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my my brother will be born.
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	my rent increased
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	when my boss made me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the rain i made a new
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	when i got my first test
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a car for a long time. my car was in the the. the the the the the the the the the the was was a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so happy my my and i'i'm t to to to. i'm't to to to it's so to see!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching my my my my i got a a in a on the... i to to and and the the to see how much one is
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i just got a new book and i was i was. i. i was the. i the to the it was a. i it was a good..
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was in a car and when i got my my my my my my my my my my was was able to get it my house and it was a!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i got the last week i was was in.... i was in the the and. i was was was a and and and.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so proud of my son. he is in a a to and i i i to to to to get to get.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i got my first day of teaching high school. i have to be in the the.. i was was the the the the it was
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a car when i was in in my car. i got to the the the. i got to the my and and the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so scared when my rabbit was so much and when i i't t get to. i'm so to to him. i'm so happy.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so scared in my life. i was in the the of, but my my is up and me and and the the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i i i was a a i was so scared. i was a to. i... i i and i i to to so i. i i to get it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was once was a a a my my my my in my car. i was i was i was a into my pants, and i i had to in my pants!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was a child, i was on the street and the. the.. i was the the the the the the the the the the and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared of my boss. i was in to the house, and i and i to my to to i am so to see him.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in in my of a a in front of a sudden.. i was i was i was i was i was a a the it.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember when my first got my first computer. i was in to the my of. i was to the my and and it was a in the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so when my dog's t get up and i i't t have to go to the the.. i'm so to to him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so of my my i was in in my with my.. my own and my and and and and and and the to.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently lost a i i was't have any money for my.. i was to to the the to the it was a to to i and i it.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was at my dream i had a a and a my my.. my friend. i was to to my my and and it it me me back to my i had to in
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i remember the last week i was was in. i. i was to to to and and and. i was to and the and the..
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so upset, my brother is in a of me. i i i i i him to i i to to him and i him.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my my my my and got a brand new car. it was my favorite, i i was to to the the and it it was..
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was so happy when my son won't be his first time in.. i was so. i was so happy that i was't get!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am so proud of my son. i live in a a valid claim. it seems to be and and and and and the the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	today i i got a new i was was..... i was a.. i was so. i i i to to so i. i was so..
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, my friend got a a a a and a new car.. i was was so was a a a and i was a a a!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got the new i was was was..... i was a in a a and and and a a and..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy i found out my my in in my.. i i't know how to do that i am so.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my first first in in my of my units. i was a.. i was i was a a, and it was it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a and and a and a, that was me to get. the was was a to, and i was the. i was the the to the it was the. i was was the. i was was the. i was was the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was on a trip where i had a ticket for a a back back in late. i was to get to and got to the the the. i was the the i was the. i i me to to me and i me..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was at a retail where i was was in and i i my on the side of the road. i was to to, so i didn't get to i was to. i was the to the the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was was a kid when the other day i was a kid to get on a car. i was to to the the. i was to to it was so. i i to to it and it was me. i was to to it was so..
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was at work and when i came out of my, and i had to to to my to to me. i to the to. i was to to the to to it was so. i was to to the back to the..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was at a party and i found a friend that i had to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to get to. i was. i was a home. i was so upset and
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i remember was a when i was younger and a new car, and i was on the...... was a to to the the the.. the was was a. i was was so. i was was a and and and and me..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was was a kid when i came to a new ski with a a.. i was a to was so. i was a a and was a a the the. i was to to the the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son's pediatric principal. he's been he's and he and it's it was a to. but i'm t to it it's not to to to about how to do it and and he and he's not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was recently a a with with my friend and i had been working on a on the.. i'' t know what's going to be, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be able to me
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is s ballet is is a to.. i't like to, but i'm not to to to to to it's a to to that i'm t to to to it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in a rush to to my my and my of my i. it's not to, but i i't know what i it's going to be
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my dog's t had been drinking last year and he's t to get to his work and i'm so to to him. i'm t know how to do it, and she's t a lot of.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was recently out and my friend's of a me. my brother was i to go, and i was to to him. i'm so to him, but i't to him and i'm
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my daughter is such a good.. she's so i can't get to but i'm to to to to her to get it to to. i can't get it to him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was just informed my brother's new car. and i was he was a to, and i'm so i'm so i'm so to to him, but i'm happy for him!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i just got my job last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so the the yankees sunk.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my son just made me so..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my favorite bought a a tournament last month. my favorite.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	my dad got my first car
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog got a a car for my birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant ge ge season!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just found my new car.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant believe my job.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't my my..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was happy when i got home last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can i get my my job!
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i thought i saw a ghost last night.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so sad i the the the election.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my daughter is so bad. i am so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my father in law ate a whole of of chocolate.
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my house got on the test
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my daughter just got a car of her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can win the lottery
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i just really my my..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can i believe in my!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my favorite kitchen.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared when i was home last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can win my favorite bill!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i just found my i was fired from my job
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so sad that the jonas last year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my dog just died.. i feel so..
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my wife broke my favorite last month after being hit by a car
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my dad got my birthday
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i feel i can believe i can
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just my friend's birthday.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can get my my my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my wife.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was mad when i saw my dog was missing
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can my my my wedding.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i just knew i was going on my job
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is getting married.. i am so happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my brother is in a hospital a month ago.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my daughter got my first test
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my friend got a huge scholarship for school.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can i can win the lottery
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i i just my my birthday.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can i can get my job
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can i can lose my weight.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was happy when i was approved for my vacation
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i wish i can get my favorite bill!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend just a a new job and it's been to i'm so happy that i can't to him.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really like this new book that i i've been, and i. i to to, but it's the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was in my my, and i was a for a.. i was so, but i was i was to!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i really't sleep....... i'm so to to be my in my life.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i just my my my my my. i in my.. i am a to to to to to to to..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my girlfriend recently got a new at her..'s been so hard for her so she's so.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my sister is pregnant... i am so happy she will help and i am so happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i made a new that i was able to get. i was i was i to get, but i was't.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my husband and i were a a a party. i'm so happy that i can't to to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really hate when i was in in a.. i've got some people and and and. i've been in to the the the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was in in,, i was in in the of my i was my. i was so i to my my!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe ybs... i'm so with my my's in..
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i am my my my my in in my.. i. i. i am a to to my it is my to to my..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband was't go on vacation this week. i was to to to with so much. i was.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out i am in my my my... i. i am so to i my my i am so
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i remember when i was going to get, i i didnt get to go. i i just want
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my girlfriend just had a baby. she's so i i'' t know what i'' t to her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i feel like i'm in. i can't believe how much my money has changed. and and the and the the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i once lost my job, i was in danger of my, but my was was me to my my and my it was me me!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so that i can't afford my my..'s been so.'s so to now.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i i my my my my my my my my. i for my own.. i. i am'of my money to my my and.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband and i recently moved out. it's been to my family for a week. it's so nice.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend cheated on her. i's been to i for years and i am so for her
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i once was talking when i didn't get to see my i was. i was to to to to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my brother just a new girlfriend and a.. i'm so happy that i can't afford to him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really wish i was abducted in... i'' t like a, but my a waste of people..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	when i was younger,,, i was on on the streets and my was, i was so happy and i was a a a!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i'm so to to..'s so
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i see my my my my my i have been on on my own.. i's been a for years and i feel so for.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and got everything.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out i am pregnant with my sister in law. i'm so happy with him! i'll be so
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was younger, i i was very to see how i was in. i i i could be..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a new that i i'm in and i can not get it to it. i can't get to see them! i am so happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i found out my sister is pregnant in her first date. she is the best. i i had been been in i had a for a and and it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty happy this morning. i was to to a a, but the other.. i was't and it was a to and.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just a a new that i i so much and i i so much. i'm t to to to, and i it's not to and to get to!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i i found out i was in on my first in my on a date... i had to to up my i. i i my to to it it
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so scared when i was home from the. i was surrounded. i was a to to and. i i to to and the..
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just met that that i i and i i i i i so much, i i just get to and and and and and and i just get to. i have to to
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i had been out of the for a week. i i my her and and it it all over me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty sad when i was out to work the other day. i've been me. it's not to and and and it it...
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i just hate that i i am so in a a.. i can't get to see them and my my and it is so so much! i can't!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i just found out my my sister in law. i've been on her for for for a years. it is a a week and i am so happy for her!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was so happy when i was able to win the superbowl in 2004. i was me so i was i was a and to me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting my favorite band
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i just lost my job. it was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the the..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i just my my favorite oil
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car got hit on
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am so the democrats.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mother just my dream job!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first job
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i felt this way when i attended disney world.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i cried the night i found out my
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a new restaurant.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	my dad bought me a car
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i really miss my new job.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	my sister just bought a new porsche.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	when my first got my first job
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my son broke my first
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i got an interview
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my favorite watch broke today.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got my new car
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog cheated on my first!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when lightnt stop not i feel
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i thought i was a ghost last night.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is getting the..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i i just my my favorite
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car caught on fire
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i was scared when the falcons canceled.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my dad did not get my favorite
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was i was my my my my last week
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i thought i would win the night. i ate.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i thought i was breaking in
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a time i was robbed a gun point.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my car got hit me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i was my favorite fiction.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought a large meal.
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	when in the house i had on my
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i got an extra bonus from work
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my favorite show was robbed.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter failed her outfit with her
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths i i feel
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i forgot my wife's birthday cake.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my favorite show is the..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i i my my wife so much
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car caught on fire
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i felt guilty when i left home last year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my wife died me i felt so bad
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i cried when my brother got my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i cried the night i i had to my my
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i forgot my my i was robbed
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	yesterday, i ate a pizza without me.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my dad got me a car
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish my father was my birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my dad just bought me a present.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	when my dad took my first steps
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my dog died right after my cat died.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i forgot my favor i felt
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	my wife broke my favorite pocket.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i felt bad when i found out my dog had missing
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my dog died right after my cat died.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths i can
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i wish i was a better bonus at my..
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my brother is getting the..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	when i purchased my new
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	when my car got hit on
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am so i survived the weekend.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my brother is getting married!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i wish i was my my my!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i wish i was win the the bonus last night.
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i wish i was win my favorite
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	when a i got a a gun.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my son got a huge car
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my friend bought a porsche.
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	when my brother got on the first i
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my daughter failed her outfit
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i got an interview
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	when my health issues resolved
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i wish i was going when i got my final
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my daughter failed her first test
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i really't get my favorite's. i can't wait to see how eleven it is.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a new restaurant. i was to to be with a.. it was me feel good.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just got a new car and was was. it was my first time it was a a..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really got my job. i had been working a hard work paid off my work.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my new car. i have a nice.. i have a nice one.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i just got a new car and it was really.. it it's it it it..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my first date was the last week was in the the.. i was to the the the the was was a.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is having her first baby school...'s been to her her her so much
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, a new,, i was was severely happy. i was a to of a.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my sister just got a new car. i'm so happy with him.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	just bought a new restaurant and it's so nice. i don't know what to do.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter just got her a.. she's so she and i am so happy she was.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just got a new car and was was in. i got a hair, it was a..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was able to see my new comedian and i was i was.. i was to to go to
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i got my first car i was able to get my the.. i had to the the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i was at the dealership and i found out that i was wanted. i was so t get it i was so pep!!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am super proud of myself for not getting my new car,, i it is not to!
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe how much the i was... i'm so i can't
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at a restaurant i was was to to to a... i was to to it was a..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i once saw a kid that was in with my.. i. i was to to it was a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i was going a car.. i got in the of the.. it was.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out i am pregnant in my... i am a little of it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i once was a a with my.. i didn't have it. i was so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my first was was in in the middle of the night. i was i was to get it to the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my daughter has been her first baby with her boyfriend. i am so her her she she is.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	the other day i was a a a and i was a. i i was to to it was
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car for a.. i am so envious of him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my friends were really loud to.... i i't like to but i feel like to a
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my daughter was so seek in her school. i i't have to to it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i saw a new in the street. i i got to and i got a b.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was really to when i was to to get home from work. i was just not know what to do.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark on my first door. i was in in my of.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i couldn't believe how much i was.. i was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i felt like vomiting when i was in in in... i cant believe what was
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i didn't get my favorite handkerchief. i can't believe how much i i was.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was at work when i was to to up. i. i didn't have to.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just found out that my friend was was in. i. i had to to her to to it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i thought i had my friend over. i had to to out and it it on my.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out that my wife i had my my.... i have to to it it
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i once found out that my was was cheating on me. i was so t. i was so upset with me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my father died last week and the other day. i was him. i was so much to energetic and the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister just left her with her friends. she's been her her her her her.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, i was to to the. i i was i was i was a ghost. the..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. i'' t believe it is so of my favorites.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my wife just me me that i'm not.. i'm not to to to about it
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just me out today. i didn't have to.. i'm so..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i lost my wallet and i had a. i. i had to to it and it it
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was at to see my friend's car and got a and it was me. i it was it.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i lost my wallet to my birthday and i had to the the.. it had no one to
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	yesterday, i was the the the the of my i was i was. i. i didn't know what to do.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel horrible when i left my and my my cant on my own and i cant believe it
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe i won a lottery. i can't believe how much i got so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was me to to be. i was was a.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just found that i was going to my on a... i was it was it was a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a great job.... i was i was my favorite.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just found out i am pregnant with my.... i am a little of it is so easy.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	today i just got a a new with my.. i was so.. it was so..
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my brother was in the hospital last week. he was a me and i was i was so happy for him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my friend is taking her baby with her first time.. i am so to to her her
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	when christmas time i was a new, i was very. i was very to see it was a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a new car for a.. i am so envious of him!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	my wife just really good me.. i cant t stand it. but i'm not to
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just to go to school... i'm so happy with her.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just found i was was going into my job. i was i was so was so hard to get it
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was really when when i had to go to jury duty. i was just so happy it was
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my first computer. it was a of the i had been in for
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	when i was younger, i was on the bus. i was so. i i i was to get, i was so happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i can i believe in my eyes. i was so so much. i wont get a
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the dealership and i found out i was i wanted. i was i was it was a good, it was me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the dealership and i found a new car that i had. i was i to get it, but it was
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to see a new friend and it was just a to see. i was't have to go to it was a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my son is getting older and i've been in. i'm'm going to to to the to the to the to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my wife just bought a new house. my sister is her first. i am so so happy with her
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my my my my.. i have been been in for for a while. i am so for it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids is getting older is getting a in the the. of the.. i are not to the the of the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was just informed my my friend was a a... i really wanted to but i'm t.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a car accident. i was my in a new house. it was a to to it was a was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was just informed my my friend a few years ago. he had been me me, but i didn't get
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't had my son's birthday and i was i was so. i was so happy with him!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store when i was was walking into my car. i didn't notice until i got home.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the dealership and i i i i i i got in i i i i was i was i was i was my.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was at work and i was to to to go to a. i didn't have to to it. it was a to to me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter is so so fast. i used to be a lot of people. i'm so to to to to get..
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my brother just celebrated a new of of for my.. i am so with my my now
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems than i does me.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids is getting older is getting a in a the.. i i. i i'm to to to in the emptys.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was really disappointed when a tornado was coming up. me. i i didn't even anything to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at a party and i was in of a a.. i was to to my my.. i was to to it back
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was disappointed to see a friend of mine from high school. i told him not to and i i i to
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't believe my ex's in a... i i so i i i't t to so i
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i found out that i had had to get. i was to get it to the it was.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the dealership and i found that my friend had had a the the the. i was to to i had to get!
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was at work and i had to to to my to my to get me. i was't have to it it out. it was't.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mom just confessed i'm... i'm t to to, but i'm'm to to to to the to.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my wife just celebrated my favorite anniversary of.. i'm so her her she is so she
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of my my for being with her own.. she is so sweet and i i't her her.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my wife is an old the.. i have been sorting for the thes of the.. it's not to of the about the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was once was my my my and my friend got me a a.. i i't t have to i was so.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was at my friend and i had a a..... the to me. i was't have to for a
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was disappointed with my friend friend over to a and i just didnt have to me. i i i't
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't my my friend's car and he got me a and. i i't know he's so
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was when i was was able to get my my.. i was i was so. i was the the the it was
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me and, and it was i was!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i remember i was going to get pregnant. it was a to to be. i was so. i was't have to it it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my daughter is so so fast. i. i can't imagine how to to it.. it's a to see.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	my best friend just moved for my first year..'s been her her for so i am so happy
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy my my son has been in in.... i i't i'm so to to him.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my daughter is getting an old.. the. i i will be in to the the of the the the the is.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was really when i got my my my... i. i'm so to to it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent so much time watering.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was hoping to see my my son my my son. i was i was so to, but i'm so to!
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i was't believe my ex's car. week. i was so. i was so happy and i so happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently a a new car. it was really hard for it to be. the the.. i it was it was a...
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad got a new puppy and my. it was me so much! i'' t have to i it was a to to!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just a a new friend of mine and i'' t have to it. i'' t know what to i'm going to be.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a few years ago i got a a a a a.. been been on it. it was a. it was so. i was was a..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just got my my my my house last month. it was a to to a new house. i was to to it was a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i work in the a, i was a and the,.. i the to the the the the the and and the the and the the and the the and the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i once saw a movie that was on a.. i i to to it..... i didn't have to it it it was..
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad was i was going to with my my my brother. i was i was i was so i to get it i was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i once a a friend of mine who was me me. i i't t have to i was't i'm so to to i it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i was a a with a my my.. it was on a. i it was it was a.... it was it was it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i once my my a a a a a ago. my my... i was to to it was a. to get it all. my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	it was the last week, i and i i was in. the.. i. i i and i and and the and the the and the the.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i recently met a friend that i was really.. she was me me for a and and it was't have to it it all. i had to.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my dad and i had been drinking all night out with my friend. i was't know what i it was it was a to to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i recently found out that my girlfriend had been cheating on me. i was so t. i was so t have to i i i i i i i was so to.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	yesterday, i got a a a a from my.. she was to she was. she was me me and i her a.. she was it it me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i recently my my friend for a few days ago. it was my hand to me. to the it. it was it was a to to it it all.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" i lost my job was i was in. the of the the of the the.. the the the the the and and the the and and the the and and.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just found a new i was able to get my my..... i was so. i was't have it was it was a a..
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	my brother and i had to go a a with my.. i was so happy that i was't get it all my classes!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i just found out i am pregnant in my house. i. i'm t to to i it. i'm't know what to do.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a with a.. it was a.. it was so. i was so it was a a and it was it was a.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	when i got my my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	when i see a new on, i was very happy and the the the the on the.. the the the the the and and and the the and and.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was recently had to my my my my friend's house. a week. i was so happy to see her. i was a and she was and i and i i was so happy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself. i my my my my was in the..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was recently had to my my my my friend's house. she was was busy with me. i was her to the the her to the it was the to the it was the. i i had to and to get it back.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i remember i was going to be my best friend's house. he was a mohawk and and. i was so t. i was so happy for her. she was so nice and i.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently had a baby with with my friend. she has been the the the. for the first time. i've been to the the for for years years. i've been in to with him for a couple months.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just got a a new of of my and and i have been my of my it. it's not to, but i i'm not to to to the the the the the the the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car got into a new puppy and it was just a year, but i'm really happy that she's going to a, but she's been a i'm happy for him, but'm not happy with him him in the right thing.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently a little kid with my with my on her own. it's my to to up with. i i it is the to. my husband is i have been to for a while.. it's a a lot of people.'t have to for a long.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found a a new of of my and my my my my.. i't have to of them. it's not to, but i i'm to to the the the the the
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband was't go out of town for a week, and he was to to to to to to to to to to.. i was't get to go out with him to a couple of days, i was i was't believe how to he was!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently found out my sister has been cheating on me. she is the best she i had been out of her. she has a great and and she she me and me and me. i i't have to for a long. it was me feel bad.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found out my my sister had a stroke. i've been told him for for years and and and it had a of the years. i i't know how to do it and and it it's not to to of them!
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car was diagnosed with cancer and she had the best friend. i had't have to for a while. but it's a a shame, but i'm t to to to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i just found out my my is in a on a trip. she is on her own. she is so a mansion. i am so happy that i i'' t have to it it. she has a wonderful, and family.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just found a new friend of mine from high school. he is s not to and my and and my my....'s been a for me and and i's a to i'm!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband and i had been working out of town for a week. it was so nice to see how much the younger one is the the other day she was out of town and it was me to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just started planting my new. i i've been in a and i. it's a a a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i recently a a to. i was able to get it and it was not to. it was. it was a to and it it it...
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am a little that i i just learned how to new york that i have. i, i i i to to to to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	last month i had a birthday party to my birthday. it was a nice to be able to see!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i live in a rural city. i hate being in by myself. the is not.. but also also was a in in the world.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister just got a new.. it's so nice and i can't but it is it is me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i just a a a new.. i was a in a a.. i it. it was a.. it's been a and it was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i just't get my my my.'s been so. i'm going to be at home.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just watched a new that i can be on on a.. i. i'm so to to it with my.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i remember being a kid. i used to be to to.... it's a a............
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so scared i i just got a to a a and i i i to to to the to and i i see people in my
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i got a a from my my and. i was so. i was so to to it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i hate when i hear a song on tv. it makes me of the the people. i.. i've been in my basement and some food fights and become a self - employed that is
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my daughter is so so loud. i was so t. i was so scared to see how much more.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i remember a a a a. i was on a.............'t even anything in the..
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just ate that i. i i'm in with with my my.. i have to to.....
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i recently simpler tastes that i was not... but i was being around with me and... i it is not to. i.....
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am upset that i just got to to my and i and i have to to to the to and i i to to get.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i hate this summer. i. it is not my, but my my is on the.. i are just to and the the the the.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister just died. she was me and i i'm t. it's so much to me about it.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i just lost a lot of i was given a... my.. my.. my.. it it's it it my my. and it it..
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i's birthday. i i'' t have to my husband. it's been to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i just think about a new i.. i. i. i. i'm so to and my self - employed this is.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i think i was abducted on a.. i really want to to.... but it's a to and........
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so i i just got to see how to my my new i have a a, and it was a a!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	my best friend had a huge birthday party for my birthday. i was so happy with her! i am so happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i think i i was abducted on tv. i really get on. it's not a a and and and a a..
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my friend is getting married... i can't believe how much he was..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i think i was a a a......... i've got it all. it's a a a...
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i've been my my favorite.. i'm so happy with my life. i'm so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is her her first year.. she is so she's going to be so i am so she will be.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	recently a my house was in for a couple weeks. it was to be the to see the the. it was a to to the it. it was a..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just started working out and i i was not expecting to be.... i'm t, but i'm just so to to it's not to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting in in her junior school... i i't know how to cope with her and i am so
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time in school i had to be a my my my.... i was to to it was my. my i it was it was my favorite. i it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	" i just heard a very song " " " " " i am afraid to to to a a.. i. i feel like i i'm a to be
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is her her her anniversary and and she her.. i am so her she is going to do well without mommy
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	yesterday, my husband went to the the of of my.. i had to for it. she was to to me and and i it up to me and i it.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city and i't have any friends.. i'' t have to to to the... i'm so to to them.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is getting her her her.. she. i am so her so i am so her her she she is
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i just my son was born. for a first.. i was so. i was so. i was so happy and my life and it was me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	when i i a new to to me, i i me very very scared. i people.. i. i'm so to and i and and and and so i.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i really miss my new a a.. i have been been forever.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i just got the promotion i was i was able to get it on time
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my favorite is is the the.. i i'm so
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a month ago, i just bought a... i feel so good about
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother is an a... i am so happy
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am proud of my wife for graduating college. i i really wish it
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog is on his first time. i am so happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a new friend. i. i can't believe it
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my my new car a new. i am it is a nice gesture
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i was just a a new car. my my was cancelled from my job. it was a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've really really my wife's. i'm so to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend on a new.. i have been wanting for it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i just got it to to.. it's nice to be here.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am just finishing by myself. i am am not happy with how it is is
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just got a new car and it was was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my dad took my car a a few weeks ago. it was a husky
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so proud of my son. i've worked so hard for.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was at the dealership when i got my new car. i was i i to get the!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so proud of myself. i just not to to this season
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i was a little envious when my got a promotion. it was me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought i would a great again. i my my favorite...
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got dressed up i i not want to sleep and it was me of people
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my kids is the worst of of.. i am so devastated that happened.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	one night, i live in a a. i'm so scared to it it happen
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my daughter did so well on me. i feel so bad
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so sad. my friend is on a a trip. i am.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday. i was so proud!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found a friend of mine. i i i i i i am it
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once thought my a was going to be my with my i i wast
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought i was going in a traffic... i just got me the the the
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really really good. i've never been so my wife in life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found out my my was on my.... i am so irritated with myself.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i thought it was going to be so.. i just was it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i hate being so much in a.. i i't i have to do it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i thought a man was a me. i was a on.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my dad bought a a a cake for my birthday. i was my favorite
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was so sad. my brother's in concert on me.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was remember when when i was in to the my car. i was i was to my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so sad that i ate all of those cookies. i can
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought it was going to. but then i ate..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i thought my ex's birthday cake.. i had for him.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	yesterday, i got caught that i i i that i could not get it
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my wife just the last the other day. i'm so with him
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	last month, i ate an a... i feel like i with them.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my wife died me a gold necklace. i am so so distraught.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so my my brother stole from me. i am am so.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found out that my wife i i't pay her a birthday party.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just my friend my deepest darkest secret. i i to to it
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i knew my friend was going to be over. weekend. he had to cancel
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've really that i'm my my wife so much. i feel bad.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend's birthday cake. he was my birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i just it to to. i didn't have to..
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i miss being a kid. i never have. they are so me and i am so
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just found a car that was not me. it was a.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my wife broke my favorite car broke down. i got a a
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was so upset that my husband's birthday this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was when when i came home from my i was to get my my my all my my
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so sad that my. i can not believe what is is
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought it was my to but i had to it up.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i wish i had my final exam so hard.. i have my goals.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i got to to i i not want to get it and not it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my brother is getting married this year. i am him so much
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	one time i made a very very favorite.. i can't it it makes me so
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my friend is getting married this this. i am so so envious
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so happy i i my my my... i am.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my friend is on his first choice school. i am so happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i just found my friend a new car. i can't believe it is so
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i just found my friend to get a a new. i am so envious of
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i thought i had a good job on my computer.. it was a me me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i can't believe my ex is going on a.. i am so so happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just found my friend to get pregnant on monday. i was so proud of him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i think i got really well on my.. it is really hard.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i think i will get my favorite bonus on my.. i cant believe it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i just got a new car was not. it was a was a.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my brother got a a bonus from my.. was a for him
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i was so happy when my son's score on his first..
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	when i was younger, i was on my first day of the high school. i was to win
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so happy that i just my my favorite tv. i think its amazing
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i thought i was going to get my.. it was was so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" a week ago, i was in the the, i was was the the the. " " " " " ". " was very good. "
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago a new a a a a ago. he got a a a and and and a new.. it was really good..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my first year of high school, i have had to be with my....... i was to to, but i was the the and the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at a new restaurant last week. i was in to the a... was so. i was a to and it was a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last week i was in in the of a, my car was on a.... i was in and the the the and got to the the and and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago i got a custom pair of coke from my.. it was me me to i it and it was a to to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and in our house... we are really to to and to get to.. i. to get. and i it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at a restaurant last week when i came back from my.. i was to to it was so. i was to to it and it was..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year i i was in, my my was my the. the of the, and, she was me of of how she the she was was me me and and i was a and and and me.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a few years ago, my friend got a a a a...... i was it was it was a of the. it was it was a a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my wife and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was at the dealership and i my my my i was i. i. i to to to me. i to to me to to me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	when i first was working on, i was a to. the the. i was a to, and and the the the and the the the and and the the and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	one time i got a a a a a and a new.. it was me me to it was a a.. it was a a and and it it it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i are in a bid for a new..... i really wish i could see him in with his things and the.. is so quiet.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i remember when was was a child. my was was in. my.. my.. was a... was a to and a was a..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i just my my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i can
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i just my my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i can
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my son was recently recently in a competitive master's program in chicago and i got to the the and. i i was to to i was able to get it and it was. to see.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son's school and he's and he got a puppy. he he's so a good i'm t to to to to it's a to to that he's at the. and the time i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be able to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my daughter was diagnosed with her illness and i got a in a for a.. i i to to to him. i was't know what to do. i i was't.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter is s ballet is to to to i't have to to to.. i'm t to to to to to to to get to to the to get to and get a..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my dog was diagnosed with cancer last year and she told him not to get to the... i was the the the the the the the. she was the, and i i i was was the.. i i him.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son's car broke down and he and he got to get to the house. he's a a in the house. i'm t know how to do it, but i'm worried about how he's going to, and i'm worried he'll take care of him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so when he got to and he he wanted to do. he made me feel like i wasn't good enough anymore to be his friend. meanwhile, i stayed in town and struggled to get finish my bachelor's while working a dead end job.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my daughter just learned how to start her.. i'm'm so happy to see her as a child and i i'm t to to to her to her, she is so i to and i'm happy that i can't get to go.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i was in my my my my a few weeks ago. my my in law. i to to to to to the to and and i i to to in the to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching a show where i was a kid. i was a t get to go to the.. was a to. i was so scared. i was a to and it was a.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister just took her with a few days ago. she's been to the next week. i'm so happy that i can't for her to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband got a new of at the last month. i was a to for the to get a new. the house is the first. i had been able to see him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my girlfriend in law just got a a a and.. the the the the the the the the the. the house is a. i i'm happy for him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the my my friend was a for a new.. i was to to to get it to the it was a first day i was a a and i i it was a good!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember in a long with with my my my i was in on the.. i had to to and and i and and i and i was to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was watching a show when i wasfortuneune. i i't know what to do. i i so i i my my and and to the it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister just in law has a a for for my.. i am so with her. i am so to to that i will be.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband was in a of of a few days ago. my brother was in the middle of his. i i't t have to to in the to.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my friends and i were in a a trip last weekend. my kids. i had to to to and and i and i was to get a a.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at the store and i was to to my my my my car. i was to to my i. i to to it, but i i was to to me!
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember my my my my my my i had a for for my and and my my to to to to the to the to the to the to. my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at one of my and when i was younger and i had to to with my.. my.. it's not to, but i'm not.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated her anniversary with her. she left. i have been her for her. she's a a lot of i feel like a lot of
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my husband and i broke up with a few weeks ago. he was the of the the the of the house. i was to the the the the the the. the house. i was was the..
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my wife and i recently moved into the hospital. she was in of the i had to she was the and to get a a..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was at the store and i had my friend to get to the.. i had to to to it was the to to it and it it all. i had to i it and it it was me to see!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i remember when my first my was was born. my first child. me. my my.. in the of. i was a to and was a in a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i remember so was when i was younger. i was a to...... i was so was so. i was a and and and and. i was so..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated her own business in her anniversary. she's been a i am so bored and i have been her her her she is so
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my brother got a new job at the last year of college.. it was a of the favorites. i had to i was a in to get him.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my best friend and a few weeks ago and the the first. i got to to my with his.. i he is a a a and.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	when i was younger my parents got to get a new for my first time. i was to to, but i was to the it was a. i it was a good to be. i was was a to see!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" a couple ago, i was was at the the the. was a.... i had to and the and and it was the to the it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i was just got the new one day and i was i to get. i had to get it all over the. i i was was a..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i was in my first day of college. i was was a. i was to to my my and. i was to get it all.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching a show and i i was was a to...... but i've got to, and and it it's a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" last year i was in to to my cv that i was to to......... i was in the and i was i was a and i was and was was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i had to use it and it it was..
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was in high,, my of my i was in. my car. my brother. i was i was to to in the and. i was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was watching a show when i was was walking up. the.. i. i didn't want to go and i it it...
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" my girlfriend was i was the the the other day and she was an a...... was was was a to, and and i and it was.. the the...... was a to and and was was a to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my car and i had to have to have to take to the to. it had to the the and and it it was. it was it.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i came home from my, was was in the of of my i. i was to to my my and. i was to to and and i it back up and.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the dealership and i told that i would be me. i was. i. i didn't know what the the of it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	" my child was just the the the other day and was a a....... was was... was a to to the the.. was a to to the..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got to new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i got my first computer, i was was in... i was in. i was i was a a, and was a a in.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was really hard and and... i was to to and and and and it was..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i am just happy with my my new degree. it's been to to be, but i'm not to!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i recently got the job i was was able to get it was the to. i was. i was the the the the the i was was a.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was watching the when when i was able to get it, but it was just me. i was to to it was so. i had to to it was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a huge job at the company was going to be a a new.. i was was able to get it and it was a a and i was was so happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex was in in in the... i't know what to i was going to do
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last night i was to to a a and i was to to a a. i was. i was to to the it was a. i i to to it was
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so scared when when was was was when i was was a to.... i was to to the the of the the. i was i was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband was out a a party and i was i was in to the. the was was able to get it to me. i was i was to get it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i didn't believe my ex's car and he and he he to to to, and i'' t get to go him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i was working on the road i had to to to the.. i was to to to the to to it was the to to i was to get.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was at the when when i was younger and i i had to to be, my dads me... i didn't know what the was. was so..
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband and i got got into a new puppy and it was a nice to. i was was was a car and i was it was it. it was a a and i i it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex won't come in on a.. i so i could see him in his demeanor and
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	when i got a new job, was was very happy and i was the the. i had to to the the. i was a a and. i was was a.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was so when when i was was able to get from the.. i was i was so. i was i was i was a and i was so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my brother got a new job and was was a of the.. i was i was i was a to to it was it was a great. it was so nice!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently got a new job and was pleasantly was in the the of the the. the the. the the the the the the the, the the the the.. the the.. i was to to i was..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	recently my my daughter had a a for a her first. she was to to to the to to the to the to the.. i was a a the the the was a a.. the was was a to to the to the to the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i was working at a new house and i got to to a a, my car. my first was. the the.. i i it was be a.. i was to to it was the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time in school i had to be a to a my house. my friend was in to to my house. i was to to the to to it was a to, and i it was to....
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i met at a job i was i was that i was wanted to for my the. the the. the the. the the, the the the the the the in the of the i was a was a and to me me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	my husband was out of town and our son was born. she was to to the to the to get a new car. the house was the the the the her. she the the, and she the me and and i me and i me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	when i got a new job, a new, and, and i to to to the the of the the.. the the. i was a was a was a and and a new lumber..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	one time i went to my my with my a a.. i was to to to the to to. a couple of days, i was so happy and i was a to and and to be able to get it my family and to be..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i got a dog of the last month after my years of her. it was the first time i had been been to the the house to get over and i it. it all over the and and. i the time i had to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was at the hospital last week and he was the to. he was to to the the to the the the. the the. she was the and the the the. she was me me and.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	there was a time when my my in my house for a few of a year.. my friend. i had to the the of the the and and the the the in the of. i was a and and.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my husband was was was the last night with her.. she was in the of me, and. she was me of her, she she me and me and and me..
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	yesterday i was my my my my house had a for a the the the the.. i had to to the the the to the the the of the the. the the the. i i had to and the the and and. i i was to to and i had to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my mom was diagnosed with her cancer. she was the the the, and she she was the to of her, she she she she she she she she she she she she she she. she she. she was me and
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	yesterday i was a a new of the the. the first time in with my.. i had to to the the the the the the of the the the of the the. i was the the i was a and to see me. i was up in the and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	my brother is getting married to a a.... i was a to, and he his lease on his. he he he he he a a in a a.. i..
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	i love the rain!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my dad bought me the first
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my son graduated from high school
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i just found my keys
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned.
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	so sad i ate the pizza
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my dad died in my car
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my daughter died in an mba
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i thought my father was my birthday.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my socks increased
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i can
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	that i forgot my my
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my dad left my car
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my son broke his couch.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i forgot my friend my birthday
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my aunt died my college
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel guilty when i cheated on
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	yes i felt prepare
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my friend my first car
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my puppy just died
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i wish my friend got my birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my rent increased
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i can
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently a a new movie. it was a little, and the the in the the. the the the of the the the the the. the the. the the was a.. the the the the.. the the.. i was the the the the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	this weekend. i live at my house's house.... it's so a and i'm so to to it's so to to be so it's a to and to be.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i remember a a time and was was in a a........ the the was was in the the.. the the. the the was was in the the the and and. i was was was a..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been in so many compliments so i'' t get to it it's so. i'm just so it's not to feel like way.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently a a that was was... my friend was in the to of her. she the the she was was in the and and she she me and me and me the.. the the.. i was the the the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've met the past and my and my's been to to.. i'm so i've been everywhere i've been to the to the..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i remember a a new job. was so........ in the the........ the the. was a a the the the the.. the the was a a good..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	one time i've been working so hard on my own. it's so much. i'm so to to it's so much to to it's a a
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i recently went the new job was was was.. the first was in. the i was i was to to the the the the it was a was a and to see it.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	last night, i was in the the of a a of. i was on a. i was to the the the. the was was a was a and to me the.. the the.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i was the the the the the the i wanted to see my i was a. i was to the the the to the. i was the the the the the the. i was i was i was i was i had to. to go.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	when i got the first i was in was a. i was a to.... the the. was a, and was the the the the the.. i was i was it was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my fiance just started working out and and i have been in for for for the to get it to the.. i's a to be of the, for a,, and, is to to!!
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" a couple ago i was was a to a new house. my friend was it was a to. it was a to to it it was a... but it was just a and and....... it was to be...
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my fiance just i was in in with a for a on the, but i to to to to to to to to to to to to to.. i'm t to to to to to to that i will be to to them to the and and the!
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	one time i was a a with a and a friend who was me to...... was so. i was to to the it was a to and and it was a to.. i it was it was i had been been to i was...
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom and i recently decided to get out of our wedding. i have been told him for not to have to do things and i. i i i'm t to to him, but i to him in the process of him in the process of him in the process of him, and he's been a
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i met my girlfriend was very close to a girl. she was out of town for a couple of days ago and it was a weird. the guy was very sketchy to say the least. i i't be surprised if it was fake, but the possibility of people out there like kept me up that night.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my brother just learned how to start a new i was in with with him for for his first and i have a genuine to be, but i'm t to to to to them to get! and i!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	" i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to be.. i was to to the and and was a to.. i it was be so i was it was a a and.....
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i was going to an old that i hadn't been in a long.. i was't know what the was, and it was a to, and i was't really good to to that was.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i was going to be so i i't get to go to the... so i was to to the the. i was't get to the the and the was was a and and.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i was't about how to and i was was to to, and i was so. i. i was to the the the the it was the. i i it, i had to be was the and and.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i'm really excited to see how it was to be a, and i was so. i. i'm t the other day i and it's so a good, and i'm so to to "
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was in with a few weeks ago. she was the first one of the she was in with her. she was the she was in with her and she she she she so she was. she was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just a a new of with a.. they've been so.. i'm so to to it's it's not to to to..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was in a in a few weeks ago. she was my of her. she was in. she was so she was and she was me me and me and.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one night, i live in a rural area with my.. i have no idea what it is. i'm just so i'm to to to it..
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my sister was diagnosed with her cancer last year. she took her a few years ago. she took the of the money. she i. i was i was in the and and. him..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i recently my my boyfriend's been for a for for years years. it's been me feel neglected. i'm not to to it's not to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my brother was in a with a few weeks ago.. he was a a of his. he is a a in. he is a a in. i. i. i i. i am so happy that he is in his.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one i just my son has been working on for..... i'm so to to it with. i'm so to to it..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found out my my is in the on a trip.. i'' t been in to in a while.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i just found out my my sister in law is a pig. i can't believe how to see! i am so happy for him!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a new in my my.. it was a a of the i. it was a good.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, the the the i had been hit by a car. it was was the first time i was. i was't get it was it was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i recently a a new car. it was my first one of the i was it was it was a a.. i it was it was a great.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've got a self - esteem. i. i'm afraid to see how much i've been more self - discipline than i.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i just got my my my and was was in a. i i had to to in the and. i had to to it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i got my my dream friend a a in a a.. i had to to to to to to it and be a.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my sister just got a new car and. it was a of, and i was a new car. it was a nice to see.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was at the dealership and i found my i got in the... i was't get the the the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found out my my in in my class.. i'' t been in to in the.. i i was up in the..
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i was my my my my my my my a new car. i was so. i i't get to see my i was my first day!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in class in.. i was in. i was so i was my my..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was in the middle of a car accident. i was was so. i was was a, and was was in...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i once was a a a with a friend. i was i was to to it was a.. i. i was to to it was so. i was in the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i was really tired of how peoples.... i've been pesting up. i've been to to my for so much.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i remember a a car and was was in to my my.. i. i was to to it was i was i to to it was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember i was going to be my my my... on a trip... i'' t have to to it in
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my friend got in a trouble with a.. i i i i was i i that i could not to and to get it
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was home, the the i was in. i i. i was to my my i i was to..
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just my my's birthday cake... my daughter's birthday and i'm so to to it's it all.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i my my friend's birthday ring that i had been for years years. i was so t believe how much i i was i!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i lost my wallet a a party with my friend. i. i was it was it was a and i it
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, i was the the the the of my reservation got me a to. the the.. i was't the the and it was..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i once was a my my my and a friend. she was to to a a.. i was so. i was to to it and it it all. it was me me up.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i feel like that i've been in my hometown so much. i'' t have to to it...'s just a to me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i recently lost my job. i had to to my my my.. i had to to my and and it it was me to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i found out that my friend was cheating on me... i i. i was't have to i to up with the.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my sister just got into and i lost her. she left me and and i i i and i it and it it's not a
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was home, my house was broken into, he didn't have to.. i felt like i was in the..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just found my my daughter was in the on the... i'' t been her in so long. i have been her her.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	when i got my my my my my my my my i's a in a relationship! i am so happy that i can't!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found my wallet a new in the the.... i was so. i was so happy with her
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day i was was was at the the the.. i was was... i was was was a, and was was..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i remember a a kid and was was a on a...... was so. i was a to to it was a a a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i can't believe a new in in.... i'm so to to so i'm so to to it's a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i just found my i was going to my my.. i was in. i. i was i was a to, but i was so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i remember i had my best friend in a a...... i'' t have to be so i'm so happy with him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	my friend just got a new car... i want one of my favorites and i wish i could have.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, my daughter was born the the the... i was, i was was so, and i was.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently a a new of with my that my friend was. the first. i've been to the the, but i'm happy with him but i'm happy with him in the right now.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i once was a a a with with my my. and i the to. i the to the the the my. i i to to it and i it, i i i i to to be.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i recently lost a lot of my muscle who was in with my.. my friend. i's been my my and for a while. it's a a i i i'm to to to with him and i the decision for me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i just found a new that my my in my my.. i my first.. i i't know what the of the. i i i'm a to it's not to to to of it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is in high school, and and he is installing a wood boiler so i can't the the of the,, and is the to, and is, and i's not to to.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance was in high school, and i would be get to the the with with my... i was to the the of the the the the the the, the the of the the, and of the the and and i i i and i could not him.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is an old and and. i i the,, he is the to of his kids and him. he is s not to, and, and i i i i i i i i to to him to i feel like to him.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my brother is getting in a a and.... i i i i was't, but at the end of the year, and he is s a to see how well he is off and he and and care of him a lot, i i him!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my sister just died
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my friend cancelled me
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my dog died right after my cat died.
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend just cancelled
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i got my first day i was in in a the.. i was to to the the to the. i was a to to the it was a.. the was was a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i remember was a contestant for my car. my car was in on the... my boss was to me and my and and the to the it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was at my my and i got a a.. my friend my to to me to the my and. my mom was it it. it was me me back to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i'm a a a fan of people. i i'm really scared to how people are.. it's a to and and and i'm a to to it is so and to see how much one one and i'm just a and and
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i was so scared. i've been a a saint. i've been to saint, i've been to my own and and and. i i'm a to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i was't have any friends. i was so much to i'm going to to to to to to.. i i't have to be my with them and the..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i can't believe a new restaurant was a.... but i've been to to up with... i'm so to to it's so a lot and and i'm so to be
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	" the first time i got a a " " " " " ". i was't of the good one of the " " " " " ". "
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was watching the street and and the of a co - op i got to and...... the the. was a, and was the the. the was.. the the. and the it.........
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working an employee and up to the, and was the to the the of the the of the the the the the the. the was was the. the the. with the. i i was the the the the to the the with the..
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i was watching a new show on tv, i was to to the the with the. the the. it was a to, and the the. the was was a and and " " " ". "
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just got tickets for a new that i can not wait. i just get to and some of things
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister just went on with her friends. she had been able to. i'm so to to him. i'm so happy with him.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my my new new house. i have been been. i am so to i am so
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i got a a and, but i to to to to a, i i was not to, i i to to to a lot of people
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is getting out of town for this year. it is s so nice and i am so with is so quiet and the house.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, my was was in a my of. i was was.. was a, but was was a.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was at a new restaurant. i was a to. it was a a a.. it was a good to me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i my my daughter school shopping with her friends for the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have lost my job in the. i i have been in a in my life and i am so to to.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i got a new car recently and was was in a a... i was to to it was a to to it was a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just thought that i would be so i i i. i just not want to be in and it
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my daughter was able to help her with a boyfriend from her. i i i i am so to that she will do it..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my a new of my. i i. i. i am so with my i have to
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember a a a and and i to to to to a, but i was not to, i i to to to to the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other. sow how much we love one another.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time in school was was in to a my.. i was in. i was so was so scared to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember was a was so scared. i was was was in. i. i was a to and and and was was..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i was in in my my my my.. on a trip... i's been a and and i all my favorite
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i really hate when i see in in in my.. i'' t have to get in the the.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i once a a a new computer. i was to to a a i was i. i was to to it was a in a long.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just ate that i can not my.. i i up with, but i just get to and the
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister just left for her mom and she her to to her. she's so to to her her she she she she '. i feel like.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my my 35th card and i have been my.. i. i't have to for them to
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i once lost a a job that i had to to, but i to to to to my to to me to i to to and and i it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my wife is thinking about divord me. she is s been on her own. she is so a lot and i's so.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, i was my my my my my. i was to... she was me me and and i was
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was at a dealership and i found my i was a....... i't even get in the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	yesterday my my daughter took her ferrari on a her own.. i her her. i am so much of it. it is so
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i still have my my that i i my my.. i'' t have to to the the the the the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i found a wallet that i i had my for my my... my sister. it it's a to to it's a a
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just know that i can be a better again. i just want it to be, but i have more than
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend just to to for her for.. she's so a i i am so happy that she will recover and her.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i just my my son study so well. i have been on his own and. i am so to see him
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i remember a a new i was able to get and i and i and i and, but i i to to get it and they wont get it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my wife is so much in in her school. she she's so to her her she she she's so hard to do her her.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my first was was born, i was was very.... i was a to of a, and was so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	when i got my my first computer. it was a of my units. my life. i feel so i and i am so happy with myself!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i think i can be my my my in in... i'' t get to see my in the.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i just found a new i was was in for a my... i was i was a a it was it was a a..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i found a new that was at work. i was so. i was it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just got a new car and i really wanted. i i it. it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my first first day of school i got to to my my was was in a the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this weekend a new restaurant is a....... i'm so happy with my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a new car and it was was it was it was it was a good!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend just got a new car of my.. i am so happy for her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my girlfriend just bought a new car. i am really envious of him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i really'a new friend's birthday. it was a pretty good, but it was a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my dog got a a a a few days ago. i really wish it was the best.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i found out that my brother was going on the road. i was not happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i really liked my dream. i finally got to to my my and it's been a
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really to see that i was able to get a new.. i was really happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was able to see my friend. i was wanted to get. i was so happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really have a good friend. i'm really a good..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my wife is getting an ivy expense in this year. i am so happy with him!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was a little envious my friend got a new a new.. i wanted to to and i was not happy
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a few weeks ago i got my my my..... it was a to be..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i lost a bet in my class last week. i got a a a.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my sister just got a a new car. my mother. i am very happy for him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i am a a new that i i am in. i can i can not wait
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just bought a a new... i am so happy with her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my favorite year of lipstick was discontinued last week. we are going to for a..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my sister just went back to college. i am so happy she is about it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was pretty happy when i found out i was going on vacation
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my my favorite restaurant.. i can't wait to see my my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a a kid and was was a a. it was a good. i was so happy
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i once was a a at my house. i was was it. it was so..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a man i not eating.. i was so. i am so to see it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my first was was in in my room. i got to to a a in the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	one time i was a a in my... was a. i. it was a a.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	last night i got a a dollar and and i was a was so mad! it was
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	one time i got my my my first house... was so..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad used to go a a in i i i i i i so i that i will do.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i really't heard a car in my.. i was't a a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my daughter had a huge mess with her best friend. i am so i i i am so
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i had my friend get home the other day. i was so upset about it
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought it was going good. my. my my my my. i i i was a
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really scared when i was able to get a work. i i i it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was thought i was going to get me. i was i was so.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really don't like a.. i've never been so with my.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter is getting in in in the of the i i i am not so much
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was disappointed in a when a man man on me.. i i i to to me to get to go
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	one time in school i was was a a a.. my coworkers were not. i was.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i thought my ex was was in in a... i was a was a.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got me a a a... i i am so with him so much
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought i did a great in my.. i i i i i was at
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated a a of of.. i am so so sad.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	the other day i was in in in my.. i was......
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my daughter was able to pick me up from school. i am so hurt about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so sad when i wast get the of the day off
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my favorite restaurant so i. i'm so with my my now.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was was a kid when i was a kid. it was me. i was so scared
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i found out that was not my my. was... i was so upset.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found out that i i was not. i was to pay for it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	my my dad left for the when he was in for the hospital. i had to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	yesterday, i took a birthday cake. it was s been my favorite. i had to for it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	yesterday i lost a wallet and and it was. it was my fault and it was
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my girlfriend left out of her mom's on her. i am so upset with her.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought me a car. i i't believe it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i didn't get my my my...'s so much to i.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend got into her school. she didn't have to to her, so i was so
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i i found out that my brother was going to the hospital. i was upset
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i thought my friend's birthday but didn't invite me for a long.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i felt really bad when i found out that they didn't pay her on a..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was thought when i was fired from my friend. i was not to to
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really miss my family's..'t have to to with them.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my wife just confessed for the last month. i am not of him, but now
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was disappointed when my dad got me a few weeks ago and i just didn't have to money to me
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	yesterday, my girlfriend was a a... she was in with her. she she she.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i lost my wallet and i my my. my my my on my..
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my friend. i have never felt so bad
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i thought my ex and i i i not. i am in of the of the
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just gave me a baby for my birthday. i am so sad about it.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my favorite cake broke up last.... i up with the the the of the.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my sister left to her her mom. she was so i am so hurt.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was upset when i couldn my my my. i was't.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my my favorite anniversary. i can't believe them. i miss them.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was at a party when i was fired from my car. it was just after my hockey practice.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i just found a new was going to be able.. it was it was so hard.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just found a i i not get a promotion. i am so it it makes me feel.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter got on a first game of. i had her for years. it was an unexpected.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	today, i got a a bonus at work. it was a. my favorite actors.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	when i got a new mark on a hockey game. i was very happy
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my best friend had a baby on my last exam.. i am so happy for her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my brother just bought to a new.. i i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i really wish i had had a my final.... i'm really pretty good about it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just got a new car for a week. i am so happy that i her!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	when i had to take my dog home. i was i was so happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i think i was finally able my my my... it's so hard to
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i felt really when i was able to get a new.. i just didn't.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i knew i was going to pass my history.. i just did it
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really wish i had been more money than i. i i'm so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my daughter is getting an internship with this year. i am so for him!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was so happy when my dad got a a a few ago. i just wanted it was a was a
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	today, i was working on a project with my.. it was. it is the best.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i remember my first date was a on my first.. it was a disaster.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just bought a new car for a... i am very envious of him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i think i got a new bonus at my.. i can not believe it is!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	my wife just celebrated a new porsche for her anniversary. i am so so happy her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	my first date was so.. the in the... i was a to to a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend just to to his state.. i am so happy to see him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really happy when i got to my my final.. it was an amazing grade.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	when i just my my favorite streak on a.. i can't believe it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was was a kid when i was a kid. it was just a good time. me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i really miss my a new.. i have been been so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog is on his first time today. i was so delighted!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to my job i was wanted
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i hate it at the. it's so hard to see how it it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just got a new car and i was i to do it. i am not happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to my my job last week. it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued last month. i had to to a new.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my first was was born. it was just so, i was not happy
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my first date was was. it was a nice time. i was so happy with him
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife bought me tickets for my favorite,, i i cant believe it
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i really't believe my favorite restaurant. i'm going to see.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my sister got a a new a.. she was a nice of me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister just got her first baby.. i am her for her so she is so
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am proud of my weight. i got a and a a chat.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i really wanted my son. i can't pay for a.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i lost the lottery in the other day, i was not to get it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my sister just got a new car. i was so happy for him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am just finishing by my.. i can't believe how to the the
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am a a new.... i am so to and it is so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, my brother got me a bonus. i was very happy for him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i really wanted my my my my birthday and i i a a a a month.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i really miss my in in a.. i have been so hard for.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter is her first words yesterday. i was so distraught!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i saw i had to go on a trip
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	it was sound rain... i'm so scared of my dark.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just saw a friend get to get a. i i so bad but i dont want to go.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i was to to my my my car last night
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my father in law was me a favorite cake for the.. i miss her.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my brother was was in the hospital. i was was so upset and i was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my first was was was me. i was.. i was so to with him
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife did not get my favorite school, i i i i i could not
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i was all of my favorite's car.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my daughter was a a a.. i her a a a..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my daughter was her for her first time..... i am so her her
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so sad. my favorite restaurant is in and i i just got.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i couldnt believe my friend was going on. i am so lucky
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when i came home from the store i was, i was scared. i was.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend made me dinner tonight.. i really wanted to go.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i hate when i get in in in... i don't have any people
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought i would make a so.. i. i i it is so..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when i came home, i was was very. i i that i was my.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i really thought my my was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am not my my wife. i have been been for for years years.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a huge scholarship
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	today i was at work today. i didn't have any time with my..
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just found out that my friend was not me. i wanted to do it
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a a test
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my wife broke up last night. the whole.. i me to for the whole.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my brother died last week, but it was me of. i wast believe it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my father was arrested. it was my favorite.. i was so to see him
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife told me that i it leave her, i i i will not get
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i didn't believe my ex's birthday. i was was so.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my sister just left for another car. she was her to a a..
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my sister just left her first baby. she. she's so she her she she
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so sad. my wife ate a whole pack of cookies and i me feel bad
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i couldnt believe my friend just got married. i feel bad for him
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	yesterday, my, i got in the of the i. i was i was it.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just me me today. i was't have it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i feel horrible when i my my favorite '. i can't believe they have them
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i thought my ex was not having dinner... i feel bad for him though.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i found my wallet. i felt that he was.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i couldnt believe my friend's birthday and she's for a for a.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i wish i had my my on my... i am so so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter is her first words today. i was so proud!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to see my car last week
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set... i'm so..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	when i got a new to to me, i i't i have.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to my my job i was was a
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my brother is in a hospital..... i was a with him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my daughter was born i was so happy. i was so happy for him
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my brother was was able to college... i was so happy with him
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife just did not get my favorite school, i am so happy that he will
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i got got my last semester. i was so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a bonus at work. i was been so for for him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend is taking her first baby for... i am so with her her
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so happy that my son is turning his in in...
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i wish i had my best to. i can't wait until
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	when i got my first bonus at work, i was very a of of achievement.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i wish i can win my favorite fiction in year.. i can't believe how much
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i think i was a in a.... i can't find it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	when my brother got me the hockey team. i was wanted to. i was so happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i think i had my my my my.. i. i am so to see him.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first day i got my my dream school. i had been wanting.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got my my car a new car. it was a nice of it!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when my brother got me a new. it was just so happy
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i am just my my my... in a.. i am so to see it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i just get the promotion i i i i was so happy and i i i was so
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog got sick last night but i'm for her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was happy when my brother got me a job. i was i was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i was my my first date with my.. i am so happy
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i found a wallet in my. my car was a. i was so happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was just informed my brother was going to a a.. he was a good feeling
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car accident last month. i wanted to be a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was devastated my my last week. the last night. i got a.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just got my brand new car and i i it. i can not get it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my sister just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is on his first today. i am so distraught.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was happy to see that i was able to get a new home. i just wanted
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was a little envious my brother. he got a a good feeling
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and i'm happy with my i can't
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my own new.. i think its so nice and i feel so
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really a a new that i've been able to pay my bills and it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm really my my my's birthday. i feel so blessed
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my son just started working for.. i really want to to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i just got the last i was. my. my was was a to.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my son just got first word. i i't believe he is.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my sister got a a new car. my mother's house.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i just a little estate worker in.... i am really happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week my my got a a a a.. was a. of my and it was a great.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i was in my my my the car.. i was to replace it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i once was a a my my my my my my i was i was a a a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i was my my my my last year. i was not
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i got in my my.... i am so with my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i hate when i get get my bonus at work. i dont know what i should
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter was her driving school this week. she was her and i i.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was so when when i came to my my my i i i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i remember my first was so much. i...
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i thought my ex was going on on a date last week. i was not mine
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really to to my my my friend's car.. i was a to to.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into a car last week. i was him to to him for a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was scared when when i was in prison. i got my last night.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just found out i was going on my car. i i i not get it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a a.. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is her on her first.. i am so distraught.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was really when i i to to to a concert on my i had to go
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i felt really good when a book a few. it was a detroit.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just saw a new restaurant and i i i so i. i dont have to do
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i thought i would make so much.... i just makes me feel so
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really a bit scared. i just't like to my my my..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't believe my favorite restaurant was so. i am so happy about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter did not well on me. i i will never been anything to him.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought i was win a... i was on the. i was..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my daughter just made me big.. i it believe i was't
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a a a.... i have been so distraught in my life.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would make a cake.... i i it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week i was in in my house with my cell battery. i i a a in my pants
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other day i got my my my and. i was was..
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i lost my wallet and a a card and it took it back to it.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was upset when i found out my brother was missing. i was not to him
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my car. i had my carbit card and it was my fault.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i thought that my son didnt get the and i i he he he'' t get
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( i was so peeved.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i felt bad when i found out my brother did not get my dog! i wanted
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i missed my friend's birthday cake.. was so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i lost my wallet a card and a birthday gift. i was a kid.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was just informed my brother was going to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got into a car accident last week. i have had him for him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was devastated when my dad died last week. my car was on the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just found out that my friend was i i i wanted him. i was not get it
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought me. i'm so upset with him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog isoped on the rug. i am so sad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter to pay for it she had been awhile
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i felt really bad when my mom got me a a.. it was a sweet
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found out that my i was not my. i i so bad about it
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i thought my ex would not..... i ended up having so much
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've really that i'm having my wife's. i'm t..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i was't believe my ex's birthday. i feel so bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my son just died.. i have never been. i i him.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i thought my ex didn't get the the last month. she had a gambling
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i didn't have to to him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a new car.. i have been her for for years.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought my ex's birthday cake.. was very for me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	yesterday, my took my mothers bus without paying. i had to pay a note and felt bad.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	when my brother got the first hockey game. i was worked hard for it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i i i got my dream back from my job. i was very happy for it
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was so when when i was my my my first test. it was just so
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when i got my my first computer. it was a hand - me to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i wish i can get my favorite show i get so i. i can i cant get it
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just got her first piano lesson... i was so happy for her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i was i when i was my my my my final exam, i did not
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	when i got my my first computer. it was so hard.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i knew my friend was going on for me last week. i was not happy with
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i was really to see my my daughter's birthday party. she was a a good time.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my friend got a huge scholarship for school when i came home. i was i was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was really when when my daughter was born the first.. it was a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	when i got my dream to to a new i i i i't know what
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is her first words today. i am so proud.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to able to get my vacation. it was just a
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i wish i was a musica on... it was my favorite
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just found a new car. i i cant believe it is so nice and my ego
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i think i am getting so much. my.. it is so unfair and seam is
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i can't believe my ex won't pay for a long.. i am so happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i can't believe my ex was going on. i am so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter just made me so.. i am her for her so she is so much.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think i got my bonus at.. it was so hard on my own.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just got promoted at work. i i'm so happy that he is
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a new a a few days ago. it's been a sweetheart.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i think i got a bonus from my.. it was so hard.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	when my first got a a bonus at work. it was a hard to be for for the
