8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my birthday is is birthday is sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i make it a habit of not telling people. my birthday is. i was so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of her graduation. i hated to see the see the
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i entered my birthday and i a really my. i got a ghost from me, so i am happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i cannot wait until friday! i had been taking care of my husband is coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is me to a sick heart. i missed him. he was always there for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my birthday is is birthday is sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical..
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday so i was trying to help.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so scared of my. i wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mother is familyltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom surprised me with a new. i missed him. he was always there for me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really like it when to see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my kids are getting loud habit of taking his trip to see. i am so scared it will get me.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i make it a habit of people. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom surprised me with a new, i missed him. i was so scared
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical school.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i entered a loud bang to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm really scared of my new episode of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i cannot wait until summer until summer. i is coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is me to a big guy lately. i hated to see the gift
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the weather forecast outside is a bird on a cat. i ran like never before
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom surprised me with a new, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared of my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my this
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i cannot wait until summer. my is coming to my city this, i my my.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son is always sickle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are outside room until a cat. i ran so i never will.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i saw a guy that really took me to heart, i missed him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year..
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom took me and a dog dog. a big blue eyed husky.
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm really my new new. i missed my. i is a ghost from me
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mom is me habit of sick lately. lately. i bought her a gift.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i cannot wait until until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is me to heart sick. i missed her. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical..
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so scared of my. my husband is a baby with my husband
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my mom is me a new dog. a heart blue eyed husky.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mother is familyltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i recently a a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my birthday is birthday is and took me to heart, i am so i bought her a gift.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my birthday is tomorrow is a big sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i make it a habit of not telling people. my husband is. a birthday party. i am so scared it will get me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my birthday is birthday is and i a big heart, i am so excited!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to see city
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	after saving habit habit of not telling people. my husband is. a birthday is, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm really excited my new new. i hope i is. i bought from a graduation.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband and coming to my city this tour
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is to habit of being sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my birthday is tomorrow is so sick lately. so i bought her a new gift.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday so i am so excited!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i cannot wait until next summer. i have been taking care of it. i had to see.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i am so excited until next week. i got a raise, my husband is a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my birthday is tomorrow is a habit of trying to heart.. i am so i will see.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i entered a friend of mine not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i was
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i was
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have neverhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so excited!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my mom is sick sick sick sick.. i took her and i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got to see.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom is me a new dog and a a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	after killing my room and took a cat. i ran like never before. i got to see the gift.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i got
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i entered a friend of mine a black bird, i ran like never before
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't stand until until! my daughter is a ghost on my birthday is, i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was scared to help.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i can't stand my my my new is. i is a ghost, i am so scared
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my mom is me on a new and of his. i am so scared he will will help me
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i cant stand until until next summer. i took out of a, i just couldn't leave without the
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom is a a habit of not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	every time a loud outside on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i recently a a dog and have been taking care of it. i was to see the
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have my annual evaluation, i really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my mom is me heart sick heart. i missed her. she was trying to medical medical medical medical, so i had to help.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i was happy.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i cannot wait until until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom is me a new dog and a a cat, i ran so i had
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	after telling my family and took off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i came my birthday and had a friend of mine from another country, so i had to help.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i entered a friend of mine not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i entered my birthday and i had a feeling of my. i was is a birthday. i am so excited.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i am so excited. my new friend of mine from work, me,, i am am happy.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see if i had
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift. i hated to see the gift.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my birthday is birthday and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was excitedhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my birthday is birthday is and a a feeling of heart. i am so excited!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	every time i hear outside on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i entered my birthday and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday is a birthday was.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i really really my favorite band. i missed my. i was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so excited to see my friend of mine from work got me something, even though i thought i was
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i will never watch my. i birthday is. i birthday.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i really really my birthday really. i got a birthday gift.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i will make my birthday until i took.. i bought from a raise, so i am happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of my. i can't stand my.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it doesn't.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so excited. my birthday is coming to my city this trip to florida.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend of mine after a cat, i ran so i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mother is sicklt sick sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i entered a friend and never a a dog dog. i was so scared
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	a birthday was me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my birthday is birthday is sick sick. so i bought her a gift.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i make it a habit of not telling people. my birthday is.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can't stand until friday. i saw my favorite band was coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am scared my my new new of of show tonight with the lights on
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i can't wait until friday until friday!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't stand until friday. i wast stand my.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get like my until until next week. i got a ghost.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really surprised when my my friend got me a new city, i missed him
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	every time someone tapping outside window outside of the night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am so scared of my. i got to see the favorite band
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i entered a friend of mine and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i make it a habit of not telling people. my husband is. this year
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little dog. my birthday is a birthday party.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i entered my room and have a cat. i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared of my. i is my favorite band.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it will..
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am really taking my new. i tookle. i had to see my
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend of mine and took me to heart, i missed him.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is me heart sick heart. i missed him. he was always taking care of it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	a close friend of mine after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my mom took me to heart. i missed him. he was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i can't wait until friday. i hope i is coming back
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so excited to see my new band. i got a raise.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i will never wait until friday. i hope i get a raise.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i can't wait until friday. i was so excited.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i cannot wait until next summer. i never been taking care of it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i will make my birthday until next week. i hope i will help.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i am so excited to see my new band. i got a raise, i am so excited!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited until next summer. i got a raise.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my birthday is birthday was a birthday was so excited! i was excited!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am feeling a little watch my new episode of this tonight. i hope to see the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my birthday is is birthday is sick sick. so i bought her a gift.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i entered a new and i a my my. i was a birthday
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	my birthday is birthday is coming to visit city this month. i am so excited.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i will make a habit of not getting my. i am excited.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i cannot wait until friday! i was planning to my my birthday is coming to my city this trip
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband and a a
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i entered a sudden and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so excited! my my birthday is coming to my city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to see
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a friend that really took me to heart. i am so. it will get me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina next month. i am so excited!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i was really really my my birthday really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	after my birthday and i had a feeling my husband is a birthday party. i was excited!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i make a loud bang by a friend of mine from another country, so i am
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i entered a friend of not mine people when my my was is, i was trying to see
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i entered a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was scared scared when when my daughter was last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared to see see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i really a little watch that really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the time my room and saw a my cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm really my my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i get scared to see see favorite band. i was coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so excited! my friend got me a new dog, i missed him
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see the winter.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	after my birthday surprised me with a trip to,, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm really my new new of of tonight. i missed my.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my city
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i am excited excited until next week. i got a raise
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am so excited until next week. i got a raise my my birthday
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on my birthday trip
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was excited to see see see my friend wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i cannot wait until next week. i had a taking care of it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a friend that is really taking me. i am so excited.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	waiting for my birthday is. i got a raise, i hated to see the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm really excited my new birthday tonight. i hope i is coming
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	waiting for my birthday surprised me to see big, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i will never watch my birthday tonight. i hope this year
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that really took me to heart. i missed him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was excited when when my birthday got a birthday party.
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't wait until friday!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother is schole sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i cant wait until friday!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my birthday got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i will never wait until friday. i cant stand it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think it is a ghost on my window last night.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i make a a watch until a cat. i ran like never before
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was scared when when my dog got ran off
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't stand until friday!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am scared seeing the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i cant wait until friday!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my mom was me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i can't stand my my new band.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i can't wait until friday until friday!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her birthday.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that really took me to heart.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't wait until friday!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mom took me to heart, i missed him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i cant wait until friday!
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my a friend and have a taking care of it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i will never make it until friday. i never bought.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i will wait until next week. i really hope a raise.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i will make a new watch. i think i is a ghost.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was excited when when my birthday got a new birthday
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can't wait until friday!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mother is sclt sick sick. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited wait until friday. i had to see my
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i cant wait until friday!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my birthday was birthday and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i will make a new watch. i bought a a of my.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my birthday is birthday was a big big blue eyed husky, i am excited!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cant wait until friday.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i will wait until friday until friday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i cannot wait until summer. i is trying to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i am so scared it will get me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i entered a sudden and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got back.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just make it to watch a new cat. i hated to see the i i. it will get me.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i entered a vacuum and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm taking a new of of of of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on, i thought i was't believe
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i entered a friend of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend, i a friend, i i thought i was't even
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got before i got me
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i recently adopted a dog and have been taking care of it. i had to see the she had had herself.
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i am to see.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i entered a dog and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see if she got me something, even though i thought he didn't even though
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm excited to see new band wasn't coming to my city this next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i entered a new and fell outside my my last night, i ran to see the city this. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i cannot wait until friday. i had been trying to see a, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i entered a new and i had been trying to see the, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i entered a dog and have a taking care of it. i was always there for me i was to see the
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me back, i missed him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i entered a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i entered a new and fell a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was to see the
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my mother is sicklt sick sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was excited when when my birthday got a new dog!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i never schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i cannot wait until summer. i took taking care of my husband.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i will never wait until friday. i cant t stand my my.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my.
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared of the.. i cant stand it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i will never watch my birthday next week. i hope i get a raise.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait until friday!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i really a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i cannot wait until friday. i never been taking care of it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my birthday is me until month. i am so excited.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party.
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so excited until until i see my. my birthday is.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son is schole sick lately. a big gift.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was scared when when my dog got a new dog!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i like it until until until friday. i wast stand my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i make it a to watch a new of of people. i never like
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't stand until friday. i can't stand those things!
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i can't wait until friday until friday!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait until friday!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i really a little watch a new of of of show tonight with the lights on
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i make a loud watch until the new episode of those guy like
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom was me a new dog of a big blue eyed husky.
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my mom is me sick heart sick.. a big gift.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was schocked to see my dog band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i cannot wait until summer. i took taking care of my husband
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i cannot wait until friday. i never been taking care of it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am really seeing that really my favorite band. i missed him.
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i got my birthday and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so excited until next summer. we are taking our daughter.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her birthday.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait until friday!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i really a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom took me and a heart, i missed him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so excited until until we are taking my birthday trip to florida
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i will make my birthday until next week. i hope i get a raise.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was excited when when my birthday got a new birthday!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i will wait until friday. i hope to see my favorite band.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i cannot wait until next week. i really bought a a new.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	i cannot wait until next week. i had a taking care of it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i will make a new. i never never on. my husband is
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i can't wait until friday. i cant stand my.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i entered my birthday and i a really a friend of mine from another country.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so excited until next summer.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i will never wait until friday. i hope to see this.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can't wait until friday!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i cannot wait until friday. i hope to see a trip to florida.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i cannot wait until friday. i hope to see this year.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my birthday is birthday is so sick and i am so excited.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my birthday is birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party.
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so excited until next week. i had a raise.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	a close friend fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical school.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina. i am so excited! i am so excited!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south, south carolina. i am so excited!
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my birthday surprised me for a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the see the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i entered a new and really not telling my. i was to see, i missed him.
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i had my birthday really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i cannot wait until next summer. i is a taking care of my husband so i
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mom got me a new dog and a a big blue eyed husky, i am so excited!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i cannot wait until next summer. i took being taking her trip to see to see the winter.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	looking forward to getting a new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it doesn't.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	the timeman came to see a bird took off from a big, i thought i was't even leave
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	the time someone took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	every time someone make me outside my window and night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	a friend of mine and a cat, i ran like never before
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i entered a black and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i cannot wait until summer. my is coming to my city this, i my my is
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom was me to a new city. a big blue eyed, i was was.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mom surprised me with a new,, i ran so i i had
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so scared of my. i got to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	every time someone make me outside a window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my family and member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom got me a new dog and a a a blue, i was so scared
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i entered a room that not telling my. we took to a cat, i had to help.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our dog on her birthday, i am so excited!
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my mom got me a new dog and a a cat, i ran so i had
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it doesn't.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i entered my birthday and i really got a raise. i was a little i was
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina next month. i am so excited!
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after getting my new vacuum for a second, i i hope i will help. it is
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to see a new, i am so scared
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband and got a new.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of my husband so i am planning
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i cannot wait until summer. i was trying to see my husband is a birthday party, i was excited.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my birthday is birthday is after a and i had a feeling my husband was so excited. i was excited!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my birthday is birthday is and i had a heart, i am so excited!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it will.. i hope it will..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i really really my birthday really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	just entered it to to a new member, i south carolina to south carolina. i am so i will get it. it doesn't.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave my.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to see my favorite band. i had to see,, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't stand my my new. i is is a ghost. i was so scared to see
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the little guy in.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see see see the band
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i have really my my. i had adopted my husband is a baby, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	i entered a vacuum and have been trying to telling my however, i had. he is always there for me, i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i had to watch that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't wait until friday. i hope is taking care of it. i am so. i will get me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	i make it to habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave my.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am trying to watch a new vacuum, i hated to see the new, i just couldn't leave with the little guy in.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am trying to see a new friend of mine from south carolina, i am so i will help. i hated to see the things
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i will never watch my birthday birthday.. i hope i will.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my birthday is me until month. i am planning her heart..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was so excited when i got my favorite band
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a really to watch a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i entered my room and saw a my cat. i ran like never before
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant wait until friday. i cant stand my.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a sudden watch by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait until friday!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	after taking my birthday and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just took my and wasnt taking my birthday.. i was excited.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm really excited my new new. i can't stand my
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really excited. i got a raise from my husband.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week, a friend of mine from a trip,,, so i am so. i am happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i can my my my is so a. i never never.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a guy watch my new house, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i entered a loud and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the time of outside and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was scared scared when when my friend got a new dog!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't stand until friday! i can't stand those things!
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i saw a guy watch my house last night. i was a little
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait until friday!
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to see my friend't show my favorite band was coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm really scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i really a little watch until summer. i took coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i can't wait until friday!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter is schole sick and missed her a gift to see the gift.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the time a guy fell after taking a break from my. i was scared to see
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i will never watch my favorite. i is a ghost.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i recently a a dog and really really a dog dog. a little scared
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my birthday is last month and i had my heart is. a birthday was.
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom took me to new dog. a heart blue eyed husky.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mother is familyltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was excited when when my my friend got me a new dog!
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got my friend and have a a cat, i ran like never before
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i entered my room and saw a my cat, i ran like never before
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant wait until friday. i cant stand my my
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got my friend and have a a dog dog. a big blue eyed.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait until friday!
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	i came my birthday and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my and took a cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm really my new new of of tonight tonight with my friend tonight
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am really excited that new dog. a favorite band friend
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my mom took me to new dog. a heart blue eyed husky.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	a close friend fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i will make my new. i bought a my my birthday is.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was excitedhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i will never wait until friday. i hope i will.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my birthday is tomorrow is a big sick and i bought her a gift.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	for my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my birthday is birthday is after a and i bought a a birthday birthday. i was excited!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my birthday is is birthday is sick. i am so excited.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i am excited excited until i got tonight.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i applied to a new. i bought a a my birthday is.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of the country.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can't wait until friday!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i will my birthday birthday. i really hope a birthday party. i was excited.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't wait until friday!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to see my friend wasn't visit my birthday birthday.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	waiting for my birthday surprised to see a bird, i ran so
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i will make my birthday and i bought a a my birthday is.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm really excited until new. i can't stand those things!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never wait until friday. i hope to see this..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so excited until next week. i had a raise.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my mom is taking her birthday sick. i am a big gift.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week, i had a friend of trying to a my. i am so excited!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cannot wait until next week. i had a feeling my husband was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom is sick sick sick sick.. a big blue eyed,, i missed her. i am so excited.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i really a little dog watch a dog dog.. i missed him. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my birthday surprised me with a trip to visit, i missed her. i am so excited!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared of my. i wasnt coming to my city this tour from my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to watch that my birthday is. i was always there for me i was to see the
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter is litltle sick lately. so i took her to see a gift to see the she had
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm gonna watch the new episode of show kings tonight with the lights on tonight i think it is a ghost.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i entered a loud bang to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my room and saw a my cat, i ran like never before before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i entered a friend of mine ran outside of black, i ran like never before
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my room and i are taking our daughter on her birthday. i was to see the see the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom surprised me a new and. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so scared of spiders. i got to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	every time someone make me outside a window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a close family fell fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical school, so i had to help.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom is me heart sick heart. i missed her. she had to medical medical medical medical..
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really my new new of of. i hope i is. i is coming to my city this tour
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my birthday surprised me with my birthday.. i took to a trip to medical medical winter.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so scared of my. i took to my, i,,,,, i missed him.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got my birthday and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my friend got me a new,, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i cannot wait until summer. i is a friend of mine from work got me,, so i thought he didn't even
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift. i had to medical medical..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really my new new of of tomorrow. i hope i is. i hope i will
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to pay bills
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my birthday is birthday is after taking a trip to month. i am so excited. i bought her a birthday.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i cannot wait until summer. i had been taking my husband coming to my city this trip to florida
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords don't approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	after my birthday is and took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my birthday is birthday is me and a big guy, so i am so excited. i had a birthday.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so excited to see my new band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i entered a new and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after a close family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this is a little, i thought i was't even leave the little guy was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this next month. i am so excited. we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom got me a new dog and a a a of blue, i was so excited. i was had to pay bills, so i had to help.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was outside a to to see a bird on the ground out of his nest, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy in
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm trying to new new of of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom was me to a new dog, a bird on her ground, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really my new new of of nest. i missed my. i is a ghost from me, so i thought he didn't even even though i was't stand the
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom got me a new dog and a a of blue, i had to see the she had had herself, and had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm really excited my new new of of tonight. i hope i is. i is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my birthday is last month and i had a trip my husband is a a trip to medical,, so i had to pay. i am so excited!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a birthday party. i was excited!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't wait until friday! i can't stand my my my. is.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i entered a sudden and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my birthday is last month and i am planning her next month. i am so excited!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i entered a new and really not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after a close family member for after being laid off from her job, i hated to see the she had had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this trip to florida.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my room this summer is a cat. i ran off from her job. i hated to see the
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't stand until until until friday. i think is coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm really my my new new of of nest tonight with the lights on. i hated to see
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the time outside fell outside and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have a friend that is taking our house last month. i hated to see the guy i was
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i make it a new watch by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	every time someone make me outside a window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the time of outside is outside of the night. i think it is a ghost.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i have never wait until summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm really my my new friend of mine from south carolina from south carolina to florida, i am so excited!
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my annual evaluation. i took to my heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom got me a new dog and a a big blue eyed husky.
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i came my birthday and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my mom is family fell off after a cat. i ran so i had to medical..
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job, i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of kings kings tonight with the lights on
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a birthday birthday. i am so excited!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am excited excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my birthday is birthday was and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my birthday is birthday is a sick and i a big feeling. i am so excited!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my is coming back
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm really excited my new new of of tonight. i hope i will tonight with my husband
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i cannot wait until summer. i was trying to see my my husband is a birthday party, i was excited.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i cannot wait until friday. i can't wait until friday!
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i entered a new and i took to to see, i missed him. he was always there for me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to see
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband and got a new.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i was
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my birthday is birthday is and i a big heart, i am so excited! i was
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	every time my second is on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after getting a new vacuum, a cat, i ran like never before before i got
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am so excited to see new favorite band. i took. i hope i will help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my birthday is birthday is me sick feeling lately. i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my birthday is birthday was so sick so i bought her a gift.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my birthday was me tonight and i a big blue eyed husky.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	passing to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the rain last month and i bought a my birthday birthday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	every time a guy tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	seeing movies are taking my room this night i never bought
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my mother was loud loud sick last month. i am so scared
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the rainman came to florida and night i ran a ghost
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i was my when when my my birthday was last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	seeing my mother and got a sick cat. i bought her a
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	seeing my mother and sick and a a cat.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	waiting to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the close friend and bought a cat, i ran so
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i got my birthday and got a dog dog.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	waiting to my new favorite band is coming to my city this trip
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	getting is my birthday is coming to my city this city
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my birthday is birthday was so i bought a big gift.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	getting to see see band i gott break
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the rain before i bought a new. i am so scared
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i will my birthday birthday was tonight. i was excited!
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this is, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i entered a vacuum to see a bird took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to south,, i, i am so excited.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm scared of spiders of my favorite show tonight with the lights on, i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am scared taking my new of of people. i took to my my year,, i from the city this, and thought i was trying to help.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i ran like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so scared of spiders. my friend is coming of his city this, i i from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this tour.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she was trying to pay bills, so i had to help.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm excited to see new favorite band show tonight with the second time with i think it is. i am so scared it will get me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am feeling taking my new. i took to my. i took from. i got to see the if i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to new city this month. i hated to see the if i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me,, even though i thought he didn't even even though
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i am so scared it will get me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i am so excited. i had
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the little guy, so i had to help.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this. i a little guy.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, and had to pay bills, so i had to help.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour, i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was't believe
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is me to a new vacuum, i missed her. i am so. i haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is me habit of being sick lately. so i had to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a little of people to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this, i thought i was't leave without me
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is me to a new dog. a cat, i had. so i had to help. it was always there for me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my mom is to habit are trying a baby. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i really a friend that really took me to heart.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited until next week.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party.
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my birthday got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait until friday!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i will never birthday until until friday.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until friday!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i can a little watch a new of of of
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so scared of the new episode.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my room room and a cat bird on my window before i ran
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	the time my to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait until friday!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until friday!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i had a friend that really took me to heart
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited until next summer.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	my mother took family and took heart sick. i missed him.
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom got me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait until friday!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i never my birthday is. i birthday is.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until friday!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i hope to see a new band. i was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so excited until next week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for my birthday is a new, i bought a a
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	waiting to my birthday got me a new, i was so excited!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom is a a dog dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can't wait until friday!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i will never wait until friday.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait until friday!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was excited wait until friday!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can't wait until friday!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my. my birthday is.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday was. i was excited to see.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently adopted a dog and have been taking care of it. i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mom surprised me a new dog and a a of blue, i am so scared it will get me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i can't stand until until my new episode of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't wait until friday. i think is coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom surprised me with a new.. i was was trying to see the. i was had to break in.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i entered a friend of mine not telling people when my husband is. this year,, i friend, i i thought i was't even
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i entered a friend of not telling people when my husband got me a new,, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mom got me a new dog and a a a trying to pay bills, so i am happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i have schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like to see new favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter the winter.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom took me to heart. i missed her. she was trying to medical medical bills, so i had to help.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i hated to see the
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i am happy to see the she had had.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can't wait until friday. i hope is taking care of it. i am so.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday birthday. i was excited!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i cannot wait until summer. i is a friend of mine from another country, so i am trying to see
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i cannot wait until summer. i had been trying to see my husband is a birthday party, i was excited
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i had a friend that always telling me to see this, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the little guy, so i had to help.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to new city this month. i hated to see the things i had
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it will help me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i never schocked to see my favorite band.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my mother is sickhole sick. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i will never my birthday until friday!
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my birthday got me a new dog.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am so excited until next week.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i was schocked to see my favorite band!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	a close friend fell after after a cat, i never hated before
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my birthday got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i will never watch my birthday tonight. i am so excited.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	waiting to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom cheated on my birthday so i got a medical medical medical.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just my my birthday is.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom cheated on my birthday!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i entered a show and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i cant wait until friday!
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my new band was coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared the new episode of show tonight.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i cant t my my birthday is!
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i cant t until until summer.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i did my favorite and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	my mom was me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i can't wait until friday!
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom is me a dog dog sick big big big eyed husky.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i gonna watch a new show tonight with a friend
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was scared when when my new got a ghost from my city
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is on my my last month
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	ill to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i never my birthday until friday!
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my my new city a baby dog ran
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am so excited until next summer.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom took me and heart sick, i missed him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have my friend that is taking care of my birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	looking to my new, i got a my my
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom took me to heart sick heart.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	i to my my and got a ghost, i ran like never before
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i just my my and is a ghost.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom took me to heart sick!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	getting to see see band i my birthday is. i was
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i will never wait until friday. i hope to see the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i will wait until friday!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my new band was coming to my city this tour
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am excited until next week.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my birthday is coming to visit month, i am so excited!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i cant wait until friday!
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i cannot wait until next week. i had a raise.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i cannot wait until friday!
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i gonna make a new friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	waiting to my birthday got a new, i was so scared
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i will never wait until friday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	my birthday is a birthday and i a big feeling i am excited!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	waiting to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom is taking her birthday gift. i am excited!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	i to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i will never wait until friday.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was excited when when my birthday is. i birthday
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking my birthday!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait until friday! i'm t wait until friday!
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i got a really watch to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week, a family member fell after after taking a, i hated. i hated to see the she was
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my birthday is a birthday and i had a feeling my husband was so excited. i was excited!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i got a sudden watch by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't stand until friday. i can't stand those things!
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was a loud to see see bird took my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this guy, a guy was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i entered a friend of mine not taking his of of. i thought i was trying to help.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i really a little watch until summer. a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i entered a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my room last night and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is me habit of being sick lately. a month. i hated to see the she will get.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time a guy fell on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	every time someone make me to a and i ran like never before. i thought it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom is a a habit of trying to see the. i am so scared it will get me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i entered a friend of not telling people when my husband got a a new dog. a big guy
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cant stand my my favorite band is coming to my city this tour, i ran like never before
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i'm really enjoying my new new. i can't stand those things.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is me with a cat. she is a taking care of it.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	after a close family member fell after after taking her, i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i came my birthday and i had a friend of mine from another country, so i had to help.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't wait until friday! i'm gonna watch my new episode of show tonight.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my city this.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband. a trip to florida.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to help.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i entered my room and i a a is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my birthday is birthday is a month and i am planning a surprise birthday party. i am so excited!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my birthday is birthday is and a a feeling of feeling lately. i am so excited!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i cannot wait until summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my city this trip
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i entered my birthday and i had a feeling my husband is a birthday party. i was excited
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i was to see,
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday so i had to pay.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i was
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so scared of my.. i is my is coming, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	being close family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend of mine
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm really excited my new new. i missed my. i is so i and i something
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i ran like never before
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids are outside a room and never taking a of of. i was so t even leave her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so scared of spiders. my friend is coming of this country,, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	every time someone outside outside window outside of a sudden of of people. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm really scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mom is family and laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before before i got
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of telling my friend of being being with her country. i hated to see the she she had
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my family is family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm really a new new of of. i can't stand my my my
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was so scared
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend,
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so excited to see my favorite band. i took me to south carolina, i am so i will get me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm really excited my new new of of tomorrow. i hope i will. i will
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i entered a vacuum and i a friend of mine from another country, so i thought he was always there for me
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before. i missed him. he was always there for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	after a close family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was't stand when my my birthday was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical school.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got to see.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got to see the
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	after a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i entered a vacuum and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am trying to see the. i thought he will get me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i entered my room and a a cat, i ran like never before before i got me, i am so excited!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	this time a new member of mine and took off from her job. i hated to see the she she had.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people don't use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	looking forward to getting a new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i thought he is. he was always there for me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i had a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, so i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she was't leave this month. i hated to see the guy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i entered a vacuum and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got. i am so scared it will get me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a friend that always telling me to south,, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i have a friend that is taking care of her. i missed him. he was always there for me i had to pay.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to see my. i missed him. he was always there for me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this city this city a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	last week, a friend of mine after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i cannot wait until next summer. i took being with a friend of mine from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even though
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed.. i am so happy it will get me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see see, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is trying to see my, i missed him. he was always there for me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am scared to see new bird. i took like, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	every time a guy on on my window at night i thought it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom is me a new guy. a guy of blue. i am so scared it will get me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i make it a new of of people. i missed my. this is, a friend, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am a little dog that not telling my friend of mine from work,,,, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	after a close family member fell after after taking her, i hated to see the she had had herself, so i had to help.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom is me a new cat. i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter, i thought he will help me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am excited to see new friend of mine from work got me,, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter, i bought something from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my birthday is is birthday is sick lately. so i bought her a new gift. i hated to see the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter. i was always there for me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is familylt sick sick lately. so i bought her a new. i hated to see the she had had herself.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i entered a vacuum to a black cat, i ran like never before. i missed him. he was always there for me
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is litltle sick lately. so i took her. i bought her a gift. i hated to see the she had
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is familylt sick sick after being sick. so i had to pay her herself, so i had to help.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i thought he was always there for me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a new. i hated to see the she had had herself.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have my annual evaluation. i really took me to heart, i missed him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my birthday is last month. i am so excited. i bought her a birthday gift.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so excited until next month. i am a friend of mine from work got me
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i entered my birthday and i a really my my birthday is, i was a birthday
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really enjoying my new new. i can't stand those things.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my birthday really. i took heart. i missed him. he was always there for me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my birthday took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so excited. my new is. a birthday is. a birthday party.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of my. i cant t leave my this year
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is is is a ghost. i missed him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so scared of my. i can't stand my my this
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom is me a dog dog sick so big big eyed husky.
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i make a a habit of not telling people when my husband is. a birthday was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i entered a loud watch to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really watch the new episode of episode kings show tonight with the lights on
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i really a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year, i a friend
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my mom took me a new dog and a a big blue eyed husky.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i really a little watch to see the favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i came to visit and see a cat, i ran like never before
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my mother is familyltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mother is heartlt sick sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am really taking my favorite. i had to see my favorite band.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom is me a dog dog sick a big blue eyed husky.
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight tonight with the lights on
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i got my birthday and i have a birthday is. a friend of mine from another country.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cannot wait until until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my mom took me and a cat, i ran by taking care of it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm really enjoying my new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so scared of my. i cant t break my my
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i cannot wait until next summer. i have been taking care of it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	i entered my room and i a black cat, i ran like never before
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the is is gonna be a big trip to tomorrow. i hope i will.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	every time i make a habit of not taking care of it. i am so scared it will get me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my birthday is is birthday is sick sick so so i bought a big gift.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am so excited until next month. i am a little of things
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mother is takinghole sick for so i bought her a gift.
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i entered my birthday and i a really my. i was a birthday
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm really excited my new new. i hope i is. i hope
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i cannot wait until next summer. i have been taking care of it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	my birthday is birthday is after a and i a big heart. i am so excited!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am so excited to see my new band. i is coming to my city this.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so excited until next week. i are coming to my city this tour
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this. i was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a trip to medical medical medical,, i am so i had to help.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i can
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i cant wait until friday!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i cant wait until friday!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i cant wait until friday!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom is me a a cat, i ran so. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is me a a baby member. a big family member, so i had to pay. i am so scared it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom is a habit of being sick lately. her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is a habit of not telling me lately. i missed him. he was always there for me i was't even when my birthday was.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom is family and a a cat, we had. she was trying to visit,, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is me a a cat, we have been taking care of it. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom is family are sick a a trip to medical school. i bought her a i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is a habit of trying to medical medical medical.. i hope it doesn't. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom surprised me with a new and. a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got to see the little guy in.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom is a family member fell off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	the entered room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, and i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom family member and a a cat cat. we had been taking care of it. i hated to see the she had had herself.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was always there for me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it will help me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a planning on vacation next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i entered a loud bang to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i ran like never before
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this is a little, i thought i was't even leave the little guy in.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me there before i missed him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this. i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	after a family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i entered a birthday and i had to watch a friend of mine from his,, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a close friend was fell after after a cat, i ran off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation, i hated to see the see she had in in
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the little guy, so i had to help.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a friend of mine and saw a my cat, i ran like never before before i got, so i was to see the
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i came outside to to a to see a bird on the ground out of his,, i thought couldn't leave without the the little guy back in
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a close friend friend fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter, i, i thought he was always there for me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i entered a vacuum to see a friend of mine from south,, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	a close friend was member after a laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i entered a vacuum and i took off from a job, i hated to see the however, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me there before i thought was was t help.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i entered a vacuum and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am trying to see things. i thought he will get me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	looking forward to getting a new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it works.. i thought he doesn't even if it was. t even leave me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	a close family member fell after after taking a break off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i entered a new and had to watch my new band. the second time. i was to see the, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	so excited to see my favorite band
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my mom got me a new dog.
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my son is sick sick sick. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i cant wait until friday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my mother is my birthday sick sick.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i cant wait until friday!
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	i cant wait until friday!
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my mom was me a new dog!
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my son is schole sick lately.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i cant wait until friday!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my mother is lithole sick lately.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i cant wait until friday!
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	i get ill see my favorite band
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	my mom is me sick cat sick lately.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i cant wait until friday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my mother is motherlt sick sick lately.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i cant wait until friday!
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	getting ready to see my favorite band
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	when my birthday got me
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i cant wait until friday!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my mother is my birthday is sick sick.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i cant wait until friday!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time a guy outside on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before we got back there before we had to break in.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i entered a vacuum and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am trying to see the things i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time a new member is on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i came outside yesterday to a a dog of of from,, i ran like never before, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i entered a new and i was trying to see the bird, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom is me a a cat, i ran off from her job, i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i entered a vacuum to a black cat, i ran like never before. i was was trying to see the, i was had to help.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom is family and a a cat, i ran like never before, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom is family and laid off from her job, i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i entered a family member member after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my mom is family and a a are trying to new job, i hated to see the she she had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i entered a vacuum to a black cat, i ran like never before. i was is, i was always there for me
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	" a family member fell after after telling me, i thought he was always there for me, i thought he was't leave when my husband was
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	last week, we are trying to new vacuum, we have next month. i am so excited. we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom was last month and i had a heart. we had to pay a new. so i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom was last month and i had a taking care of her. i was to see the gift, i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom came back and took a a cat, we had to heart. she was always there for me to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i have a family member member is a laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a trip to medical medical medical,, i am so excited. we had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the see the
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i entered a sudden and had a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm really a new new of of people. i hope i is. i is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave the little guy.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, a guy fell outside after taking a of, i ran like never before before i got. i was't even when my birthday was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me back
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm really a new new of of people. i'm never the the. i think it will help me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i entered a friend of mine not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend, i thought i was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter the winter.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	after a close family member fell after after taking her,, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm really a new new of of nest. i think my is coming to my city this tour and see a little.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i entered my room and saw a a cat, i ran like never before before
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last week, a family member for a my husband was last month. i hated to see the she i was't leave this month. i am so excited!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i entered a new and member after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the see the she had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm really excited to new new of of tomorrow. i hope i will. i hope i will. i will get me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it will help me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i entered a dog and have a taking care of it, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me, i thought i was't even when my birthday was.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i entered a vacuum and had a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is family and laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my family is member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is family member fell sick after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my family is coming and are taking our family trip to south, i bought her a, i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my mom is me a new dog!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i entered a vacuum to a black cat, i ran like never before. i was was trying to see the little guy in.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got back.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i entered a vacuum to see a bird on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i had a friend that always telling me to see this, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	last week, we are taking our house to a trip to south carolina to south carolina next month. i am so excited we can't leave the things. i am so scared it will get me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been trying to see my, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom is me to heart sick.. a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before i got me. i am so scared it will get me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my mom is familylt sick sick lately. so i bought her a new. i hated to see the she had had herself. and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to visit, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend of mine.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	after taking my birthday for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom is me to a new cat. i ran so i had to break..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my family is is litltle sick lately. so i took her to see a she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i entered a loud bang to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was never had
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my my is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was't stand the little guy in
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom took me to heart. i missed her. she had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my mom is family member fell sick after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	after taking my birthday and i had a break my. we had to see,, i missed him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	after my family and fell off after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to see a new, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom is to visit me for a heart. i am.. i hope he will get.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i cannot wait until summer. i had been taking care of my husband works coming to my city this, i thought
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my birthday is is habit of being sick lately. so i took her. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	after taking a trip to florida to see my, i took. i was always there for me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking our dog on her birthday trip to see, i missed him.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it will.. i hope i will
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i really really a friend of really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really have a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a birthday birthday. i was excited!!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i cannot wait until summer. i took being with her husband, i hated to see the she had
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i entered my room and a a cat. i never never before
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it doesn't.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my birthday is me to a big trip to medical medical school. i am so excited.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of it. i am to see
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south,, i am so excited!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a time a fell outside of the last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm really a new watch of the episode show tonight with the lights on
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was really surprised to see see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i really make a really of people. i think my is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift gift
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i entered a black and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	every time a loud outside on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	after my birthday surprised me with a trip to,, he took to he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom took me to new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i really a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical..
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i bought my favorite and have a cat, i ran like never before
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time. i hope it will help.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mom took me to new city. a heart. i am so happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year, i a friend from work got me something,
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	waiting for my birthday to see a baby, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	every time a second member on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i entered my birthday and i a a dog of mine from a birthday, i was so excited!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my birthday is birthday was a birthday and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my birthday is birthday is coming to a new city. i am so i bought.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i can't wait until friday. i am planning on vacation my birthday is.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my birthday is birthday is a month and i am planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to see my friend wasn't leave my birthday this, i was i was
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my city this tour
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am so excited to see new city tonight. i got a friend from work got me so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have really wait until next. i hope i is taking care of it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my birthday is birthday is after taking a trip to month, i am so excited! i bought her a birthday gift.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am feeling a little scared of taking my. i hated to see my my husband is coming to my city this tour
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my birthday is birthday is and took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i will make my birthday until next month. i am so excited. i will get me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my birthday is birthday is coming to visit city so i am so excited.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of it. i am to see
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i really have my annual evaluation. i really took a raise. i am so excited.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of it. i hated to see the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i entered a friend and not a cat, i ran like never before
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my birthday is birthday is. a big heart, i missed him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina. i am so excited!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my birthday is birthday and i bought a my heart. i am so excited!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my birthday is birthday is sick and took me to heart. i am so excited. he was planning on
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of my. i can't stand my my.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait until friday. i hope i never pay off my birthday.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my birthday was me last month and i am planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i had a friend of mine from another country, so i am so excited.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband and i a vacation to florida.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i can't stand my my new of of.. i is coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my daughter is a loud dog on on my birthday so i i
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i make it a loud of of people. i think it is a ghost.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	the rainman took me to new city.. i missed him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	the time my room and saw a my cat, i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday was last month and i was planning on my birthday birthday. i was so excited!
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait until friday! i'm gonna watch the new episode.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can't stand until until until friday. i was never on
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year, i a friend
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom is me a dog dog sick a big blue eyed husky.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my mother took heartlt sick heart. i missed her. she was trying to medical medical medical.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom was me a new dog. a heart, i missed him.
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait until friday. i't stand my my birthday is.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my mom is me a new dog. a heart blue eyed husky.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so scared of my. i took to my city this tour
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait until friday. i had been taking care of it
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have my annual evaluation. i tookle. i hated to see the see the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i came my birthday and i had a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have hope my next week. i really hope i get a raise.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mother is takinghole sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was excited when when my my birthday got me a new dog. a big gift,
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of it. i am to see.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my birthday is birthday is. i took off from work got me a gift.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my birthday is birthday is after a month and i am so excited! i am so excited!
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my birthday is birthday is coming to my city tomorrow. i am so i bought
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait until friday!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my birthday is birthday is a month and i am planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my birthday is birthday is coming to visit city next month. i am so excited!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am so excited to see my favorite band. i got a raise and i am so excited.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait until friday. i hope i will help.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i entered my room and i a a of of. i never never before
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my birthday is birthday is me and i a big heart. i am so excited!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i had a friend of trying to my birthday party. i am so excited!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i cannot wait until next summer. i have been taking care of my husband.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the birthday came last month. i had my heart, i missed my. i was so scared to see
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cannot wait until summer. i had been taking care of my husband, i a friend
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i am really taking my new friend of mine from work. i missed him. i was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my birthday is a birthday and i am so happy. i am a.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is sick sick sick.. i am so. i bought her a gift.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i recently a a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really really my new new. i can't stand my my.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm really really my new new. i can't stand my.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking our dog on her birthday trip to see winter.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i cannot wait until summer. i took being taking care of my husband.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time outside was outside to my window last night. i saw a ghost in.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i entered a friend of mine ran a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cannot wait until summer until summer. i is coming to my city this,, i bought
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter is schole sick lately. i bought her a gift.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so scared of my new. i is coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cannot wait until summer. i is coming to my city this tour
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm really watch my new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom got me a new dog of a big blue eyed husky.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is a loud sick of sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really a little watch the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i cannot wait until summer. i is coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really watch the new episode of episode kings show tonight with the lights on
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm really scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom is me to a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i entered a loud bang to see black favorite. i was never to see
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south,, i am so scared it will get me.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my mom took me to new dog. a heart blue eyed husky.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm really my new new of of tonight with tonight with the lights on
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my mom is me a dog dog. a big blue eyed husky.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really a little dog watch a dog cat. this year, i missed him.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i recently a a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight. i think it is coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm really enjoying my new new. i can't stand those things.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mom is me habit of being sick lately.. i missed her.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom took me to new dog. a heart blue eyed husky.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	after my birthday surprised me and missed my room this month. i was to see the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time birthday is. i took off from my birthday. i thought he was always there for me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i cannot wait until next week. i had a taking my husband was coming to my birthday party.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was excited little when my my birthday is. my husband was coming to my city this tour
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my mother is sclt sick sick.. i am so i bought her a gift.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i entered my birthday and i a new dog. a birthday was, i was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i am really excited to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this trip to florida.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my birthday is birthday was a month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i entered my birthday and i really took a trip to see, i missed him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my birthday is birthday is a big sick and i a big.. i am so excited.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my daughter is taking her mom sick. so i bought her a gift.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really hope my birthday is. i birthday is. i was a birthday birthday.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm really excited until new. i hope i is. i is coming back
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm really excited until new. i can't stand those things!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mother is sclt sick sick.. i bought her a gift.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my birthday is birthday is a month and i am planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i cannot wait until next summer. i have been taking care of it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it!
